AdMeS is a Technical Advisor Company, founded in 2016, providing Condition Monitoring Services
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
In the maritime sector, the target is to collaborated with shipping companies and undertake the entire Condition Monitoring of their basic machinery (auxiliary machines, generators, shaft systems, gearboxes, compressors, azimuth thrusters etc.) for the scheduled maintenance. III. It has undertaken the measurement of vibrations and noise in yachts for the comfort of passengers. Also targets are:•tThe study to find the resonance frequency on oil tanker and propose solutions for the problem. •tIn the industry sector to provide solutions to industries in problems of alignment and on-situ balancing in critical equipment. •tTo collaborate with other companies for the installation of hydrophones and magnetometers for the measurement of acoustic emissions of ships. •tTo gain a partnership with wind turbine manufacturer, in order to monitor wind turbines.
ADMES has completed several projects with big infrastructure providers: Wind farms, Energy Suppliers (PPC (ΔΕΗ), Terna, DEYACH (ΔΕΥΑΧ), ITA Group, US navy, Theodoropoulos Shipyards, Plastika Kritis S.A. etc.) and it has provided its customers with technical reports including critical maintenance and prevention analysis and advice. It also owns the international patent for in-situ balancing. Three EU-funded projects concerning inspection services add to the success of the company.
Predictive maintenance is the current maintenance philosophy in the manufacturing industry. Vibration Monitoring of machines and the subsequent analysis of the recorded spectrum (Vibration Spectrum Analysis) is the latest reliable technique for achieving greater reliability on equipment. Vibration monitoring is the most reliable method of evaluating the general condition of a rotating machine. The spectrum analysis provides clear and measurable information, and allows the engineer to identify the condition of the machine. The method is applied by using special sensors placed on machines that measure acceleration, velocity and displacement. Spectrum analysis receives the signal from the sensors and processes it by identifying the frequencies displayed using digital filters and signal transformations with Fourier analysis (FFT analysis), Wavelet analysis and Hilbert-Huang analysis (HHT analysis) in computer software. The use of each transformation depends on the problem we seek to investigate in each machine. When a machine element is damaged or fails, a specific frequency will be stimulated in the spectrum by displaying greater value. In fact, each spectrum of the rotating machine produces vibrations with distinct characteristics in specific frequencies. These vibrations can be measured and compared to benchmarks in order to detect and make diagnosis of the failure.
AdMeS is a Technical Advisor Company, founded in 2016, providing advanced mechanical services.
The technologies utilized for the implementation of the CBM method are: Vibration Monitoring, Oil Analysis, Infrared Thermographic Analysis, Ultrasonic Analysis, Simulation of Deflection, Shaft Alignment, In Situ Balancing and Non Destructive Testing.
Currently, AdMeS is self-sufficient and relies on its business & founders financial recources.