EIT - KIC Climate Change Pre-seed moneyMITEF Greece 2020 Semi-Final PhaseThe Digital Gate: Award on Scientific Research
Our company produces advanced Metal Hydride compressors that operate in cheap thermal energy and are noiseless, designed to serve Hydrogen refueling stations for vehicles
Large scale hydrogen vehicle refueling infrastructure (e.g. for hydrogen passenger cars, buses and trucks fleets, rail transport as well as maritime applications) will be necessary in the next years in Europe to facilitate the transition to an emission - free transport system based on hydrogen. This will require hydrogen refueling stations (HRS) with capacities of hundreds kgs/day or more, at supply pressure levels of 350 bar or 700 bar. Currently, CAPEX and OPEX (energy costs + maintenance, indirect costs induced when a station is out of order) of the station can represent more than 3 €/kg H2. This figure is already in the range of the future total target cost of delivered hydrogen at the HRS. Therefore, these costs have to be decreased considerably. In particular, OPEX are critical in the context of large scale HRS, since there they are the dominating cost factor.
1.5 million Euro to be used in:450 bar compressor certificationSell 10 unitsExpand worldwideLaunch production line
We solve the problem of high operational costs of conventional mechanical hydrogen compressors that are integrated in Hydrogen Refueling Stations (HRS) for vehicles. We also solve the problem of noise (especially for HRS installed in Urban areas) and we have came up with a product that is environmentally friendly, and possess high availability and reliability. More info can be found in our website www.h2cyrus.eu
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Dr. Emmanouil ZOULIAS (CEO) holds a Degree in Chemical Engineering and a PhD from the National Technical University of Athens. He has worked for Research Centers, Universities and Private Companies in the field of Energy Dr. Emmanuel STAMATAKIS (exploitation manager) holds a PhD in Chemical Engineering and a Master in Production Management. Dr. Athanasios STUBOS (Knowledge manager) is Research Director, Head of the Environmental Research Laboratory and Director of the Institute of Nuclear & Radiological Sciences & Technology, Energy & Safety, Dr. Christodoulos CHRISTODOULOU (Innovation Manager) has B.Sc (5-year Diploma, Aristotle University of Thessaloniki), M.Sc (Kansas State University, USA) in Chemical Engineering and Ph.D in Metallurgical Engineering and Materials Science (Carnegie-Mellon University, USA). Dr. George KARAGIORGIS (Technical Manager) has B.Sc and Ph.D in Mechanical Engineering from The City University, London, UK.