DeepMedis among very few companies in the world with a proven track record on machine learning in computational-pathology and an ISO-13485 certification. Through our NHS-funded work, we developed world-class know-how in the field which is evident by our world-class performance achieved in global competitions like Camelyon-17, which indicates a competent team with a high-level of technical know-how. Furthermore, we are building on proprietary and valuable data and copyright protected code. Utilizing transfer learning methodologies, we can stay ahead of the game against new competitors who rely on publicly available data. On top of that, we have developed a network of high value academic key opinion leaders (eg. University of Nottingham Breast Cancer Pathology Group - inventors of the world standard grading system for breast cancer) with access to rare proprietary data-banks, committed to work together to address exciting opportunities in personalized medicine and address multi-billion-dollar accessible market value. Finally DeepMed has forged relationships with key market players (FujiFilm) with potential to collaborate in marketing and distribution and solve high market entry barriers (for example, compatibility with individual hospital labs information management systems).
In 2017 we received Phase-1 funding from the NHS(SBRI) (£150,000) to develop a proof-of-concept system for detecting metastatic regions on lymph nodes from breast cancer patients. In 2018 we received Phase-2 funding from the NHS(SBRI) (£1,000,000) to further develop our Phase-1 deliverable. In 2018 we were also selected to join the NVIDIA Inception Program for promising AI-startups. In 2019, our metastasis detection model for Breast Cancer scored at the time of submission the 5th best position in the world in the international competition Camelyon-17 achieving 90.52% agreement with world-expert. In 2019 DeepMed was also included in the short-list of selected AI solution providers of the PathLAKE+consortium, a project funded by the NHS for digitising pathology departments in the whole southern-part of England excluding London (25 Hospital Trusts with access to 17 million population). As selected AI-solution provides of PathLAKE+, we entered a partnership agreement with the FujiFilm group comprising, FujiFilm, Inspirata, Dell and IBEX, to participate in FujiFilm’s end-to-end computational pathology solution towards the Trusts. At the end of 2019 we published our work in “Cell Reports” that was the first in the world to demonstrate that deep learning can predict patient response to therapy from baseline gene expression a step towards our vision for delivering precision medicine through AI. Finally in 2020 DeepMed became a fully certified Medical Devices company as per ISO-13485.
Pathology is one of the last sectors in medicine to be digitised. Up to now pathologists are manually evaluating tissue sections over a microscope and are required to quantitate tissue morphological features, by eyeballing alone. This introduces significant biases, increases inter-expert discordance and decreases overall diagnostic accuracy. The utilisation of AI in pathology presents a golden opportunity for augmenting the workforce towards increasing efficiency and accuracy over a wide range of diagnostic procedures. It also expands the potential use of AI in tissue morphology inspection, generating novel actionable insights “invisible” to the human eye, enabling the pathologists to make informed decisions for personalised treatment. The technology and regulatory frameworks developed by DeepMed can be effectively utilised to deliver AI-powered diagnostic pipelines for a large number of constantly expanding different procedures, not only in pathology but in other medical fields involving images, such as radiology. Immediately after launching our pan-cancer metastasis detection tools we plan to use our technology, know-how and data-sources to develop additional AI-tools for augmenting cancer-grading and predicting recurrence probability initially for breast cancer and consequently for colon, lung and prostate cancer patients. These tools apart from make the diagnosis faster and more accurate, will replace expensive molecular tests and democratize personalized medicine.
The company is currently seeking to raise a bridge-to-Series-A round of £500k in order to CE-Mark the pan-cancer metastasis detection product and enter the UK and European market.
MedTech delivering AI decision support systems for diagnostic augmentation and personalised medicine
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
DeepMed’s team is one of the pioneers in machine learning analysis of histopathology images with award winning results. DeepMed has been awarded in excess of £1.4m of non-diluting funding to develop histopathology solutions in collaboration with the NHS in the UK. As a result, DeepMed developed all necessary image pre-processing algorithms, has developed efficient neural network training strategies, has high in-house computational capabilities, has proprietary annotated images and has forged valuable collaborations with academic partners and sales channel outlets. Its near-to-market lymph node metastasis detection solution demonstrates higher than 97% accuracy, better than that achieved by human experts under real-world operating conditions. DeepMed has invested heavily to acquire all necessary certifications and install all necessary processes (ISO 13485, ISO 14971, IEC 62304) to achieve regulatory compliance and be capable of bringing software-as-a-medical device product to the global market with speed and efficiency.
DeepMed has developed and validated with regulatory compliant methodologies DeepPath™ LYDIA, an AI-powered decision support system for identifying cancerous cells in lymph node biopsies excised from cancer surgery in breast, colon, lung and skin cancers. This is a very common, time-consuming and essential process in all pathology labs, used to stage the patient cancer status and decide treatment strategies. The current solution is 97%+ sensitive and when used as a decision support tool, it reduces diagnostic time by more than 50%, while making them at least 5% more accurate at the same time. This is very important because although pathology is a specialty involved in more than 90% of diagnostic pathways, it is faced up against a global workforce crisis, which results in delays in diagnostic time and compromises in diagnostic quality. We are currently expanding the product using innovative deep-learning technology and unsupervised active learning to deliver the first pan-cancer metastasis detection model in the world, for detection tumor hot-spots from all types and sub-types of cancer regardless of rarity with equal sensitivity and accuracy.