Our team combines a deep understanding of tourism and hospitality along with technical expertise and business development. In addition we have extensive personal experience of losing things while travelling. Not only do we understand the hotel operation, we also understand what it feels like if something you forgot can be easily delivered back to you. With 30 million travellers a year, Greece is the ideal launchpad for a service designed for travellers, after they have returned home.
Deliverback can be used by any hotel, anywhere in the world. We have decided to initially target 4* & 5* hotels in Greece. Currently we operate with 500+ hotels, including some of the most prestigious properties in Greece. In the short period since launch we have managed more than 3000 orders, and have saved our hotels more than $123,000, while significantly improving their guests' experience. Our customers include the Athens Hilton, Hyatt, Marriott, Holiday Inn, Sofitel, Wyndham, Domes of Elounda, Myconian Collection, Novotel Athens and 500+ more all over Greece.In 2018, Deliverback was awarded the Gold price for most Innovative Concept in the Greek Tourism Awards.
For Hotels the management of lost items is a constant menace. Although not at fault they are assigned the task to solve the problem. Among other things, they need to locate the item, match it to a specific guest, communicate with the guest, retrieve personal information, arrange for shipping and cover the cost.A time-consuming process especially in larger hotels when this process needs to be coordinated among members of different departments & shifts. In addition, the entire process is lacking automation and is running over emails and phone calls creating serious GDPR non-compliancy issues.
Deliverback is seeking a seed funding round of €150,000 to fund its operations for the next 18 months and ready to expand internationally . No further funding will be required until that point.Within the next three years we expect to launch sales in 6 new countries, signup at least two large hotel management companies (Marriott & Hilton) and reach a milestone of 10,000 Hotels with 2,5 million rooms.Once we capture the hospitality market we will expand in other tourism verticals, such as car rentals, airports, train stations, bus terminals and more. Our vision is to become the King of Lost & Found.Nothing lost, just temporarily misplaced!
Deliverback is a software service to manage the delivery of lost & found items in Hotels, Airports, Car Rentals and travel companies. We are building a hospitality vertical with international operations.On any given day 8 million travelers will check out of a Hotel, on average. 48,000 of them will forget something. 16,000 of those forgotten items will be claimed and delivered back at a cost of more than $1 million daily.People travel. And when they do, they forget staff. According to research 12.000 laptops are lost weekly in US airports, 120.000 mobile phones are forgotten each year in taxis in Chicago alone, and 46 million items are left behind in US Hotels each year. When we move, we lose.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Lost & Found platform designed for Hotels, Airports and travel related companies.
Deliverback solves the problem of delivering lost & found items for the hospitality industry by providing a cloud service that’s fully automated, easy to use, and streamlines operations between the Hotel, the guest and the courier service. Our vision is to eliminate the disappointment a lost item creates to its owners while travelling. Our mission is to empower Hotels by providing easy access to an online tool, that can handle the delivery of a lost item anywhere in the world, effortlessly, safely and efficiently while creating a positive guest experience and with zero cost to the hotel. Our value proposition is that we help hotels focus on their core business by creating time for the hotel personnel, peace of mind, and transfer the cost of delivering the item back to the guest, while everything is done in a GDPR compliant way.