The ability to scale fast is one of the most important factors of our business model.That is why we have emphasized on it a lot!We have created a system that the local store owner can easily create an online account for his business without any intervention from us. Then the innovative and automatic creation of the delivery fleet devices kicks in and we are able to create them just in a matter of minutes, without any intervention.Moreover, every part of our system supports many languages, so we can very easily load a new language and its translations in our system. This is crucial for breaking into new markets.
We have created a cloud based delivery fleet system.Our main goal is to target smaller businesses that do not yet have such a delivery fleet software.We will cover their special needs for fleet management and our main goal is to offer a fully automated fleet management system.
We seek funding of around 150000€ in order to be able to expand our team, our services and our sales network abroad.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Our team consists of 2 founding members and 5 employees until the end of September 2022.We plan to expand our product and our techonology in the coming months so that we can start providing our service to new niche markets.
Our first milestone was to create the MVP and bring it to the market as soon as possible in order to start getting real feedback from our customers and the actual end users of our systems, so that we would be able to craft our services.Another milestone was to adapt all the innovations in our system, that would help us overcome the classic boundaries that a normal business would have and create a really innovative business model using cutting-edge technologies, that would help us grow fast!
We have created a turnkey solution that is delivered to the customer without any need for action from their side. We provide already configured devices with internet access for each delivery driver.We created an automatic cloud system based on ML that makes it possible to automatically monitor and alert the owner based on his monitoring preferences.Our technology which is based on ML has the ability to provide the most cost effective planning and dispatching. But the real innovation is the fact that we can meet each business different goals based on their configuration. Some businesses might set as a first priority the cost effectiveness of the delivery fleet, others the waiting time of the customer etc.We have created a rewarding system that automatically defines rewards for the driver based on their performance profile and the goals and preferences of the business owner.