We are open to collaborations with key strategic partners that align with our vision. The company is profitable and is not in need of external funding.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
We are building the AI at the heart of Life Science R&D
Since its foundation in 2017, DEUS EX MACHINA has evolved from a service-based AI company to a full-blown SaaS company serving international clients.1. Our Athens office opens in March, 20172. DEUS partners with PIPA LLC (Process Integration and Predictive Analytics), a CA, USA company that focuses on custom AI solutions.3. DEUS opens her Thessaloniki office and welcomes its first employees in summer of 2018.4. In 2019, DEUS employees co-author a scientific paper, build and deploy a feline disease predictor that leads to patents for our clients and wins the 2020 AI innovation award for Petcare.5. By 2020, more than 60 projects have been successfully completed by teams of 35+ Ph.D. Scientists, technologists, and engineers.7. In 2021, DEUS and its partners launch a SaaS product in Life Science Discovery.
We take pride in our people and their talents. Our employees are competent, experienced bioinformaticians, engineers, data scientists and product professionals. In fact, more than 8 of them hold Ph.D.’s whereas the majority of our teams have advanced degrees and coveted career backgrounds. The major functions and leadsin our company are 1. Data Science: Team Lead, Dr. Yiannis Kokkinos2. Machine Learning Team Lead, Theodoros Panagiotakos3. Software Engineering, Team Lead Kyriakos Sgouromitis4. Operations and Business Development: Anestis Taskos
Through 60+ successful client engagements clients, we developed proprietary algorithms & code that use the latest in bioinformatics, NLP, word embeddings, knowledge graphs & reasoning. Over the last 2 years, we integrated many of those techniques into a product, that digests large volumes of data to generate insights such as what compounds in food can help with inflammation. We digest & integrate proprietary client data whenever available. This is accessed by our clients as a Software as a Service solution with intuitive UIs and power notebooks visualizations.
DEUS was one of the first AI companies in Greece with a focus in Life Sciences. Our SaaS products embed proprietary AI modeling of NLP and Machine Learning, and pairs it with advanced Bioinformatics to integrate and augment scientific knowledge. As a result, our products offer our end-users access to meaningfully connected knowledge and actionable, unique insights. As a result, these benefits translate to overall operational efficiency, increased productivity and competitiveness through scientific breakthroughs for our clients.Our product’s ability to address complex biomedical problems through a holistic approach capable of providing unprecedented depth and high-definition clarity that other products cannot is our non-negotiable north star. Combined with our subject matter expertise in Bioinformatics and AI we project that in the coming years LEAP will become an indispensable technology assistant in R&D. By continuing to double down on our differentiating capabilities, LEAP can become a competitive, appealing alternative to current solutions that are either too niche or too generic to serve our market’s needs. Our ruthless focus on improving our unique value proposition will ensure we can weather barriers such as new market entrants and disruptions by similar technologies.
We develop, use and deploy AI solutions for Life sciences companies that seek to accelerate scientific discovery and bring innovative products to their billions of customers worldwide.