We offer the only dine-in-focused marketplace in Greece with an established client and user base. Our competitive advantage lies in the marketplace nature of our solution. Due to the fact that The Butler app is a marketplace instead of a one-to-one solution we convert more users to customers from one business to the other thus expanding our database on customer behaviors and consuming patterns. This gives us the ability to better analyze the customer's profile for each establishment so that they can get to know better their customer base.The technical team of The Butler App has carried out relevant research and analysis of the necessary technologies that are currently integrated into the system in order to optimize the user experience and the efficiency of the solution functions.Listed below are the 4.0 Industry technologies that are embedded into The Butler App.Internet of the Things (IoT)Connection of The Butler App with "smart doors" and "smart lockers" of hotels and beach bars respectively.Big Data and AnalyticsCollection and analysis of data with the aim of revealing hidden correlations in order to identify the person.Cloud ComputingThe solution architecture is based on Cloud Computing practices.Also due to the COVID-19 pandemic, The Butler App as a solution offers a safe, functional, and reliable way for establishments to better adhere to the various health and safety protocols that might be in place without sacrificing their customer care and experience.
Digihart is established, based on strict company principles with distinct corporate roles, a certain vision, predefined long-term goals, short-term budgeted yearly goals, strategies, and tactics.CEO, CTO, and COO roles had been addressed to the three founding members of our company. All three have worked as Project Managers, Sales Managers, and Managing Directors of innovative companies. They all have high educational levels and expertise. Our CEO has founded and currently managing Softweb LTD. In his professional career, he has organized the participation of companies at global technology conferences such as MWC, Web Summit, China Hi-Tech Fair, RISE, and Webit.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
The current funding needs are for developing a direct sales team and amplifying the marketing plan of the company.The Butler App focuses on expanding its activities in the South East Europe area, therefore there is a need for establishing sales development executives in the main cities. In addition, the company is planning in advertising to the local media (radio, tv channels, newspapers, etc.)
With Digihart's solution "The Butler App", the customer has the ability to safely view the menu and digitally self-order and the ho.re.ca business is able to serve its customers faster, with no mistakes, at the time that the customer wants while getting to know him better.
Our achievements - milestones: - Product development. We have developed our program so that is fully functional. We have built our research and development team that is focusing on expanding the existing product.- We have established our pricing and affiliate policy.- We have established our initial client base.- We have established a strong user base (currently over 5.000 users across all platforms).- We have established a strong social media network.- We have established our initial strategic partnerships.
Our solution "The Butler App" is a marketplace for Hotels, Restaurants, and Cafes that gives them the ability to digitalize their dine-in experience by uploading their menu and remotely and safely receiving their customer's orders.Their customers can find and safely browse their up-to-date menus from the safety of their smartphones, and when on-site safely place their order and choose a payment option saving a lot of time in the process.Our main goal, as The Butler app, is to offer business owners all the tools they need. We want to help business owners safely receive their customer's orders, keep their digitized menu always updated, save time preparing orders and serving them as well as promote their business. We also create an online presence for these businesses due to the nature of our marketplace. They have the option to upload photos of their dishes and facilities to entice customers as well as provide links to various social media and review sites.
A marketplace for HORECA businesses that re-defines the dine-in experience.