The company uses a cloud based innovative platform through which we are making professional sequencing (DNA, RNA or peptide) analysis easily accessible to anyone and through this, help people, organisations and corporations to give custom high-efficiency solutions to their problems. We are combining innovative technology features and advanced scientific knowledge, composed mainly by: Digital web front-platform, cloud based, handling customer DNA test requests, contracting and after the DNA analysis automated results delivery; Complex algorithmic engines supporting the digital platform back-end specifically developed and optimised to automatically deliver with speed and exactitude the analytic results; Proprietary DNA sample database, cornerstone of the service, constantly enriched by the samples collected, to gain in precision for upcoming services; Cutting-edge technology solutions (for the platform, communications, databases), ensuring overall integrity, traceability, resilience, authenticity and confidentiality (e.g. Blockchain), also in respect of the EU regulatory requirements such as GDPR and in line with IT process / IT security certifications.DNASequence has so far completed various projects in the domains of MBE (2 projects in Greece and Egypt) and Agrigenomics (3 projects in Greece), has participated in EU-funded research projects and is currently expanding rapidly with synergies and local representatives in Africa, Central America and Middle East.
Via its Digital platform offering, DNASequence automates the analysis and the delivery of the customer reports in a confidential and secure way, industrializing labor-intensive and time-consuming processes of manual DNA analysis procedures, comparison with university scientific databases and finally results production.This is achieved by combining innovative technology features and advanced scientific knowledge, composed mainly by:•Digital web front-platform, cloud based, handling customer DNA test requests, contracting and after the DNA analysis automated results delivery;•Complex algorithmic engines supporting the digital platform back-end, specifically developed and optimized, to automatically deliver with speed and exactitude the analytic results (i.e. comparison of the DNA sample and identification with the corresponding DNA from the existing libraries/database)•Proprietary DNA sample database, cornerstone of the service, constantly enriched by the samples collected, to gain in precision for upcoming services;•Cutting-edge technology solutions (for the platform, communications, databases), ensuring overall integrity, traceability (e.g. QR codes), resilience, authenticity and confidentiality (e.g. Blockchain), also in respect of the EU regulatory requirements such as GDPR and in line with IT process / IT security certifications•Biomedical experience & expertise, accumulated during many years in the particular field of DNA research and analysis.
DNASequence is open to calls for funding proposals as we are looking to expand aggressively in markets around the world, and establish our proprietary laboratory in Northern Greece, close to the academic establishments that drive the innovation of our solutions.
DNASequence’s products and services are covering, so far, the following domains:•Microbiology of Built Environments (MBE)•Genetics in Archeology•Food industry•Agricultural genomics, or AgrigenomicsDNASequence mission is focused to the delivery of custom B2B solutions, by embedding DNA technology to business operations, in particular making professional sequencing (DNA, RNA or peptide) analysis easily accessible to anyone and through this, help people, organizations and corporations to give custom high-efficiency solutions to their problems.Product innovation and service quality is achieved via a solid corporate governance, risk management, high-value scientific collaborations, trusted personnel and partners. From a technical perspective it is accomplished via platform’s continuous developments/improvements, in a controlled and secured manner, by respecting international standards and related regulations.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
DNASequence is a biotechnology company that aims at the use of innovative techniques for Metagenomics of Built Environment, Agriculture, Archaeology, Biosafety, Biosecurity, Food industry and more.DNASequence strives to provide products and services that will transform the world of business and everyday experience as we know it, by digital biology “Bioinformatics”.Bioinformatics involves development and storage methods that help in organizing, analyzing, and retrieving biological information. The development in the field of bioinformatics is expected to help in various applications such as drug discovery & personalized medicines, Agriculture (animal breeding & yield maximization), water & food safety/efficiency, microbiology of the built environment, biodefense, forensics and industrial diagnostics.DNASequence’s mission is focused to the delivery of custom B2B solutions, by embedding DNA technology to business operations, in particular making professional sequencing (DNA, RNA or peptide) analysis easily accessible to anyone and through this, help people, organizations and corporations to give custom high-efficiency solutions to their problems.
CSO (Chief Scientific Officer) Prof. Christos Ouzounis is the CSO and cofounder of the company, and a Prof. in Bioinformatics at AUTH. He holds a B.Sc. in Biological Sciences (AUTH), an M.Sc. in Biological Computation and a DPhil in Computational Chemistry and Structural Biology, both from the University of York. He has lead core bioinformatic facilities at EMBL-EBI, King’s College London and CERTH in Thessaloniki. CTO (Chief Technology Officer) Christos Karapiperis is the CTO and co-founder of the company. He has a Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, an MBA degree and is a PhD Candidate in Bioinformatics. He has over 20 years of experience in IT and Bioinformatics projects.Bioinformatics Expert Dr. Anastasia Chasapi holds a Bachelor's degree in Biological Sciences (AUTH), an M.Sc. in Proteomics and Bioinformatics from the University of Geneva and a PhD in Computational Biology from the University of Lausanne. She has worked for years at the Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics as a collaborating scientist. Currently she holds a Research position at CERTHAgrigenomics Team Leader Dr. Zoe Chilioti is an agronomist, she holds an M.Sc. in Greenhouses / Protected Crops and a PhD in Molecular Plant Biology. She has many years of experience as a collaborating scientist at Johns Hopkins University and the NIH in USA.Agrigenomics Expert Dimitrios Valasiadis is an agronomist, he holds an M.Sc. in Genetics & Plant Breeding and is a PhD candidate in Systems Biology & Post-Harvest Phy