Docandu has created a strong Brand Name & reputation in the Greek market, having thousands of users. It has many achievements and recognitions from the public (i.e. World Health Organisation, Ministry of Health in Greece) and private sector (i.e. National Bank of Greece Business Seeds, MIT Enterprise Forum, 100 Game Changers companies). Docandu collaborates both with academic and public bodies to achieve scientifically proven solutions. Various private companies have trusted Docandu products for their employees and customers. The local, national, and international press have referred to us, acknowledging our products. The company operates with a B2B2C (Organizations/Corporates that are interested in offering Docandu's services to their employees as a benefit or their customers as an add-on service), B2C (Individuals that are interested in getting access to digital healthcare services for themselves and their families) and B2B (companies willing to enchase their existing products) business model, by offering a subscription pricing model (Freemium). Docandu has already partnered up with 24 companies, and its current revenue is EUR 200K by today. It has been projected that by the end of 2023 will increase the partnerships to 55 and the overall users to 72K while the revenues will be EUR 676K. Furthermore, by 2027, Docandu will enter another EU country and sign 744 companies and 420K users to achieve a revenue of EUR 47M.
The four founders of Docandu, Dr Petros Pandis (CEO), Dr Ioannis Georgopoulos (Chief Medical Officer), Nikos Galanis (Co-CTO) and Alexandros Iordanidis (Co-CTO), have complementary skills in business, medicine and technology/programming and worked together for more than five years. Petros is the product owner, and he is responsible for the overall business execution. He has over eight years of experience within the digital sector as an Innovation product manager at Santander Bank and a PhD in Bioengineering from Imperial College London. Ioannis is the scientific and medical team leader and the product owner on the medical side. Ioannis is a paediatric surgeon at "Agia Sofia" hospital with a PhD in new medical technologies from the University of Athens. Nikos is responsible for the overall platform technical strategy & design. Nikos is a full stack developer with over ten years of experience with an MPhil in Machine Learning and MEng in Computer Science from AUTH. Finally, Alexandros is responsible for the mobile & web app technical strategy & design. Alexandros is a full-stack web & mobile apps developer with over a decade of experience.
The company is active in a capital intensive industry, implying the constant need for capital to fuel future growth. Docandu has raised EUR 180K from Angel Investors and Crowdfunding. According to Docandu's 5-year business plan, the company needs EUR 3.7m of capital to reach EUR 47m of revenue by 2027.
Docandu simplifies the way patients manage their health & consult a doctor.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Docandu is a digital health company that has built and launched digital health platforms that connect patients to medical advice, healthcare data, and doctors anytime, anywhere. Through all Docandu apps, the patients can get:1. Quick and accurate access to medical advice (via AI-based symptom checker).2. Manage and share their medical proﬁle and records in multiple languages.3. Connect with specialised doctors.4. Get instant access to personalised advice (via video or voice consultation).In this way, docandu eliminates or reduces the practical and emotional barriers of today's healthcare systems by providing quick access to experienced doctors and thus to unbiased and accurate medical advice. Docandu has a medical team of different specialities and numerous consultants who are in charge of developing new products and searching for market needs. The technical team of Docandu is also specialised in medical applications. Docandu has already built a network of supporting companies and partners such as Universities, Pharma Companies, Insurance Companies and others. An asset that ensures a trustworthy company delivers a demanding task.
Docandu's innovation lies within our patient-centric solutions and the way we encourage self-care with specialists and high-tech technology. We use medical data imported by the user or the doctor and create a patient history logbook and, at the same time, personalised recommendations to encourage users to take their healthcare into their own hands and help them cope with their chronic illness. Our one-stop health assistant can help them change their daily routines towards a healthier life and, at the same time, be the place where the user/patient can find accurate information concerning their disease and a gateway to doctor's advice. In cases where an appointment with their doctor is difficult (practical or emotional barriers), the user has easy and aﬀordable access to the doctor's advice from the ease of their home. The logbook kept by the patient also serves as a valuable medical report for the attending physician that can help create a personalised plan/medication with the ultimate goal of managing the chronic disease in the best way possible. In a few words, our solution provides easy access to accurate/personalised medical information and doctors, helps in more than one way the user live a healthier life and aids the attending doctor in doing their job. Technically, our platforms could be easily expand its services to cover other relevant chronic diseases and support more people. In addition, due to its multilingual capability, our platform has no geographical borders.
Docandu offers a fully integrated digital health platform that connects patients to medical advice, healthcare data, and doctors anytime, anywhere. Docandu enables patients to get quick and accurate access to medical advice (via AI-based symptom checker), manage and share their medical profile and records in multiple languages, connect them with doctors, and get instant personalized advice (via video or voice consultation). In this way, Docandu eliminates or reduces the practical access barriers to health care by providing quick access to doctors and the emotional barriers by providing unbiased and accurate medical advice. Docandu has an in-house medical team and offers a mobile (iOS and Android) and web based health platform for patients to manage their health and consultant a GP doctor (docandu.com) or a dermatologist (dermacare.docandu.com)