DoctorNext2Me is a company that is active in innovative mobile applications, providing emergency and other medical services.In a strictly controlled economic and fully transparent environment, it enables the citizen or the visitor of a country, to get in touch with the nearest doctor or other medical service in a few minutes, with the press of a button. The need for "Immediate presence of a doctor by my side", that every citizen has all over the world, motivated DoctorNext2Me to design/develop a rich set of technology applications, such as emergency incidents, COVID test monitoring, tele-consultation through video calls, etc. In addition to technical innovation, all these services are based on a solid and validated business model and legal framework.
A technology suite enabling provisioning of medical services in the digital era
DoctorNext2Me's innovation is based on pre-billed health services to offer insurance companies and citizens a protected trading environment, avoiding overpricing. The platform helps the provider in the decision-making centre to transparently manage the cost of the incident from the moment it arises.In addition to the implementation of the Emergency app, we have already designed and developing an ecosystem that provides the citizen/traveler with integrated solutions in the field of health:HealthPassNext2Me: On-line system for organising and managing corporate diagnostics for Covid-19 disease. HealthNewsNext2Me: An information portal, operated by experienced journalists in the medical and other fields.MarketNext2Me: Online store for local and other offers on Parapharmaceuticals, Personal Care items and Medical Equipment. NPONext2Me: A Corporate Social Responsibility service of the DoctorNext2Me platform. InsuranceNext2Me: An advisory service for the online insurance market directly related to the DoctorNext2Me service. CertifyNext2Me: Certified Accommodation and Wellness Centers to specific hygiene international protocols. WellnessNext2Me: A marketplace for high quality wellness services and rehabilitation centres.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Our team has all the necessary experience and know-how and has already worked together with success, even under very difficult conditions. They are all renowned professionals with essential skills and have many years of experience in health, travel insurance and ICT in large multinational companies and projects.They have held high-ranked executive roles and key positions in various fields during their careers, hence contributing to the complete coverage of our company needs and the achievement of our vision and goals.· Apostolos Kagkelaris - CEO & Founder· Mina Zoulovits & Penny Kontogeorgou - Legal Advisors· Selini Papanelopoulou - Project Manager, Market Research Consultant· Fay Chourmouziadou - Human Resources Business Development Manager· Natasa Zeginoglou - Creative Director, UX / UI Designer· Bessy Tasovasilli - Assistance Operations Director· George Xistris - Design Director· Konstantinos Koutsiouris - Commercial Director· Giorgos Boukis - Finance Director· Vassilis Tsetsos, Alex Prinias & Codefactory - Software Development Team· Roula Scourogianni - Public Affairs Manager.
Our company's goal is to secure its technical and business roadmap implementation and eventually grow in 5 countries: · Greece· The United Arab Emirates· United Kingdom· France· ItalyWe are currently in search of Series A funding, after a successful seed funding that supported the development and validation of our product.
DoctorNext2Me (Dn2me) is designed to reduce costs for citizens and international insurance organisations whilst providing optimal care to citizens who use the application.To achieve a radical and innovative change, we have created an online platform (web and mobile apps), which enables the citizen/traveller to locate and select, through the application, the nearest doctor of his choice. The apps handle all communications, operational and charging/billing issues. For instance, doctors will be paid based on a pre-agreed price, which will have been pre-approved by the insurance company before the occurrence of an incident.
At the beginning of the pandemic, and in line with our company’s Corporate Social Responsibility, we made the subsystem of the NPONext2me (NonProfitOrganizationNext2Me) available for free. We collaborated, among others, with the Region of Attica, EODY, the Athens Medical Association and many other Public Organizations, offering the possibility of video-calling a doctor to citizens who needed urgent communication, instructions, and/or psychological support.This initiative resulted in the first large scale operation and validation of our system (several hundreds of incidents). It was a quite stressful and pressing period that strengthened the team bonds and resulted in a crash test for the entire project.