Advantis focuses on generating revenues from the recurring annual subscription plans of its web-based software platform.Target Clients:- hospitals- clinics- diagnostic centers- teleradiology companies- MRI vendors- Clinical Research Organizations- Individual PhysiciansCurrently the company has presence in 8 countries including the US market.
Advantis Platform is a pure in-browser and automated imaging software platform for the analysis of brain and prostate MRI exams. Advantis Platform is intended to be used by trained healthcare professionals (i.e. radiologists, neurosurgeons and MRI specialists) for the more timely and accurate diagnosis of severe human pathologies such as brain cancer, traumatic brain injury, multiple sclerosis and prostate cancer. Advantis Platform consists of Advantis Brain (Brainance MD) and Advantis Prostate. Advantis Brain is already FDA cleared in the US and CE Marked in EU. Advantis Prostate is CE Mark and FDA in progress. Advantis Platform is MRI scanner agnostic, GDPR & HIPAA compliant, PACS & Neuronavigator compatible.
Advantis develops high-end and cloud-based medical imaging software applications.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Currently Advantis is raising $ 2.5 M which will be used within for the :- propelling its US expansion and strengthening its EU position- establishing a strong global network of resellers- integrating software platform AI optimizations
Advantis makes medical image analysis software quantitative, accessible and automated through AI and cloud technology.
Advantis Medical Imaging is an R&D driven company and has defined a clear technology roadmap. From a technology point of view, Advantis Medical Imaging aims to move towards the highest possible way of automation in order to simplify the whole processing pipeline for its users and increase their efficiency and productivity.To this direction, the company has already started investigating the integration of deep learning methodologies in several processing steps such as the automated tumour detection in oncological cases. Apart from its recent prostate product expansion, the company is exploring the expansion to further human organs and pathologies such as breast. In parallel Advantis performs research activities towards an organ agnostic anomaly detection tool. The research findings may lead to the development of new software features and capabilities which eventually can make Advantis platform even more useful and competitive. Advantis aims to develop an all-in-one medical imaging platform and make it available to healthcare professionals, which can assist them achieve a more timely and accurate diagnosis of severe human pathologies.
Advantis Team consists of professionals with diversificed academic and professional backgrounds ranging from medical imaging research, cloud technology, software engineering, business development and quality/regulatory. Management Team:- Paris Ziogkas | CEO | BSc AUEB & M.S. Manchester Business School Experienced business operations professional with a focus on SaaS, B2B digital health and medical devices. Skilled on commercializing deep-tech products and achieving clinical regulatory compliance.- Zoi Giavri | CPO | MEng NTUAExperienced medical imaging engineer. Inventor of novel brain imaging algorithms. Author of numerous scientific publications. Skilled on managing large scale medtech software projects.- Dimitris Rozakis | CTO | MEng NTUASenior software engineer with a strong expertise on cloud technology and SaaS. Highly skilled on managing multidisciplinary teams of engineers and AI researchersAdvantis employees a group of highly skilled and qualified engineers, researcher and business operation professionals. The company is also supported by a team of clinical and scientific advisors such as neurosurgeons, neuroradiologists, radiologists and medical physicists.