DomX is a recently established company (Aug ‘19), however we have already managed to hit key business milestones. First, we managed to establish a solid company team of 3 founders and 3 additional expert members. Second, we managed to mature our flagship smart heating control prototype into a CE certified product, submitted a national patent for it and are currently working on the EU patent application. Third, in order to promote our R&D activities, we secured funding through our participation in 4 key H2020 EU research projects of the energy sector, an extreme achievement for a startup. Our market achievements include a first commercial contract with a major Greek electricity supplier and ongoing pilots with 2 Greek gas suppliers to assess our smart heating solution and energy services. The company’s culture, vision and values have been established, while our business strategy has been initially verified and is being continuously improved towards achieving a robust business model.
Currently, we do not have any funding needs, as our team is fully funded through our first commercial contracts and Grants.
Considering the low penetration of smart technologies in existing EU building stock, we believe that retrofitting technologies have the greatest potential to drive the smart building revolution. At domX, we develop cost-effective and universal retrofit solutions that integrate seamlessly with legacy building equipment and connect with occupants through user interfaces. Currently available products include a universal heating controller for legacy boilers, a low-cost power meter and a versatile home automation gateway. Our solutions enable occupants to understand how energy is consumed and to intelligently manage the operation of legacy equipment, by enabling continuous adaptation to building characteristics, climate variations and user habits. On top of our unique system approach, we offer advanced services for end consumers and business (suppliers, utilities, maintenance, etc.), by enabling real-time monitoring of connected devices, along with demand analysis and management at scale.
At domX, we address the long-standing problem and core pain point of energy stakeholders, which is their inability to monitor and more importantly to control the demand of buildings. Our technology builds on three pillars, first the custom development of universal retrofit solutions for integrating and upgrading the performance of legacy building equipment, second the adoption of user friendly interfaces to offer personalised feedback-control and promote energy efficient behavior and third Big data analytics software to deliver advanced grid services. Building on our strong academic background, we innovate by using a) open and proprietary under-exploited standards for legacy devices and expose them over custom IoT hardware, b) behavioral science principles in the design of our user interfaces to influence consumer behaviour and c) state-of-the-art algorithms (machine and deep learning) to analyze and predict user consumption and behavior.Our solutions introduce a robust SaaS business model to traditional sectors of the energy industry. While typically building automation products target individual consumers, at domX we partner with energy businesses to access their large customer bases. Our partners acquire access to valuable energy data and services (profiling, forecasting, maintenance, demand management), while improving their competitive edge by empowering their customers through our innovative products and services.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
We develop high-tech energy management and efficiency upgrade solutions for legacy building systems
Team members include Dr. Stratos Keranidis (R&D Director) with solid expertise in complex IoT systems design, stemming from his international business experience at tech companies and his academic background (>30 publications) in the field. Polychronis Symeonidis (MSc) is specialized in embedded software development and IoT cloud infrastructure design and has recently relocated from Munich, where he worked for an innovative IoT startup to lead the company’s software development team. Ellie Efstathiou (MSc) is a front-end Engineer with more than 5 years of professional background in mobile-web development, being in charge of the company's User Interfaces design and development. Dimitrios Voulgarakis (BSc) is a Full-stack software Engineer, developing and extending core Web applications and business services. The team includes 2 more full-time collaborations with external experts in the fields of HW design and data analysis respectively.
DOMX is a startup focused on the development of cost-effective and universal retrofitting solutions for legacy building systems, delivering: a) improved energy efficiency, b) advanced energy management c) new energy services for key business stakeholders. Our team consists of highly skilled members with long experience in the development of IoT products and platforms. We address the whole energy ecosystem, with solutions ranging from products targeting individual consumers to advanced energy services for key energy stakeholders (suppliers, aggregators, etc.). The unique system approach enables centralized monitoring and control of connected appliances for both the electricity and natural gas energy vectors. Existing installations cover both residential and commercial cases, while collaborators include utilities, installation-service companies, and research institutions.