There is no platform globally integrating all the required steps of the process, from mining data from stored documents, to producing insights, by applying dynamic ML techniques.Service innovation. AIR has been designed and developed for integrating all independent process steps of knowledge production from paper documents, into one service enhancing the performance of organizations. In addition, AIR embeds advanced analytic procedures using machine learning to provide valuable insights to organizations and deliver profit and growth.Unique value. AIR offers the following competitive advantages: (i) provides a unified process using a single environment, (ii) data extraction is fast and accurate, (iii) provides instant analytics from data using a customizable dashboard, (iv) multiplies the value of the knowledge extracted by automatically incorporating information from other sources, (v) exploits advanced analytics & ML algorithms (more than 10 analysis object, including clustering algorithms, time series forecasting, etc), (vi) provides advanced capabilities of reading Greek language.Use Case. A bank has a vast portfolio of loans related to home sales, first extracts data from contracts related to the characteristics of the homes sold, then incorporates data from real estate market from external sources, finally estimates dynamically the current value of the portfolio.Scalability. The system is fully scalable since it is provided as Software as a Service (SaaS).
D-Plan was founded on 25/02/2020 with an initial capital of € 120,000 and 7 shareholders. The initial capital was used for seed investment and specifically for the rent of space, for the purchase of equipment and for the recruitment of specialized personnel. The company on 18/10/2021, received a pre-approval for the inclusion in the schemes of the Development Law 4399/2016. The business plan concerns the implementation of an investment of € 689,430.00. On 15/11/2021 there was a capital raise of the company by € 120,000 (100%), with the entry of 10 new shareholders.AIR algorithms have been successfully used in Shipping and Health domains.
D-Plan has designed an expert software platform, called “Anonymization & Information Retrieval” (AIR) Platform that integrates the processes of reading stored documents finding data and placing it into a database in a unified process.AIR processes fast and accurately not standardized stored documents and extracts data from them. D-Plan’s solution expands the unified process by adding advanced capabilities for producing direct insights from the extracted data adding the element of innovation to the unified process.AIR is also supplemented with an innovative capability of connecting the extracted data with data from external sources, offering a from-A-to-Z solution to organizations wanting to process their stored documents and gain advanced insights from them by just pressing a button. AIR is based on a machine-learning core supplemented by an advanced library of rule-based classification algorithms, combined in an efficient way to give a global solution to any problem in any business.
D-Plan is a collective effort of some of the best-in-their-field consultants and IT experts, with vast experience in business organization, process design and reengineering, digital transformation and data science. In addition, long-term external partners are academic leaders in the fields of machine learning. The core team consists of 5 members. A Team Manager responsible for the management, the quality control, the operational completeness and analysis of the applications, and the research regarding new technologies and innovative applications, the Head of the Development Team responsible for the control of the produced software and the beta testing of its operation, a Back-end Developer whose role is to develop and optimize the application for faster and secure operation, a Front-end Developer responsible for developing a user-friendly graphical environment and an R&D Officer working oncompetition research.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Advanced predictive analytics direct from text by exploiting the power of machine Learning and AI.
Advanced predictive analytics direct from text by exploiting the power of machine Learning and AI.The pandemic has left many businesses with a "new normal" as employees continue to spend limited time in the office, making internal document sharing difficult. On the other hand data is a vital resource, and today there is more (big data) than ever. Big data has changed the way we manage analyze and leverage data across industries, and it has boosted the digital transformation of private and public sectors, projected to reach 1.8 trillion U.S. dollars in 2022.However, today organizations store vast volumes of past documents containing information of past business performance, valuable for gaining insights and drive future planning.Since this information in the not standardized stored documents is the lifeblood of any business a critical issue arising is the extraction of data from them by humans that is time and cost consuming.A big new opportunity arises; the development of an expert service, able to process in minutes not standardized stored documents and extract data of them.
AIR platform requires an additional investment of approximately 1 mil.€ to be finalized and commercialized.