DBX incorporated in May 2022 with three offices in Athens, London, and India. In 2022 DBX started to get backed by the European Space Agency with an R&D grant (https://business.esa.int/projects/psve). Since its inception, DBX has been cited in leading media like Bloomberg, Reuters, Montel, Lloyd’s, and Argus. Currently, we are ramping up adding clients.
Data analytics, product development/B2B services company for the dry bulk commodities
DBX is providing both a holistic commodity view of the market fundamentals and an in-depth view of the global physical market (from mine to the end user). No other competitor applies a holistic approach to provide within a digital product the global supply–demand balance for dry bulk commodities and the in-depth physical market. The approach to achieving the DBX Advantage is quite innovative, combining conventional dry bulk statistics from multiple structured & unstructured sources with real-time data from satellites and marine intelligence. We then use AI to fuse the different data sources into one single source of truth, creating a digital twin of the global supply-demand chain. The end result is enabling to:- Have an enhanced view of the physical market, from mine to the end user- Understand both the global market fundamentals and the production, imports, exports, and consumption per country per commodity- Understand & estimate the short-term (end of current week, end of current month) global fundamentals leveraging AI algorithms and concepts from meteorology (Nowcasting) adjusted to the dry bulk industry.The DBX platform is delivering for any country daily (24x7) updated exclusive data insights generated by DBX algorithms that fuse curated market data with up-to-date satellite data. It is orders of magnitude faster and more accurate than currently used manual methods, enabling end users to make better-informed and faster decisions with greater confidence daily.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
DBX leadership team combines Dry Bulk Commodity experience with data science & a passion for technology and we join from some of the leading organizations as per below:- the CEO & Co-Founder has 15 years of experience at Louis Dreyfus, Vattenfall, Epona Commodities, and Freepoint, having specialized in trading and analyzing iron ore, coal, and grains commodities & freight- the Head of Product has 9 years of experience at Accenture, having specialized in Software Delivery Lifecycle & Consulting- the Lead Analyst has 3 years of experience in maritime data from Signal Ocean, and has specialized in shipping data analysis & engineering- the Lead Data Scientist has 2 years from STTech & has specialized in Machine Learning & Computer vision- the Earth Observation Specialist has received PhD from Exeter University & has specialized in analysing satellite imagery- the APAC Business Development Head has 5 years of experience specializing in the Iron & Coal data industry
The dry bulk commodities are critical to sustaining our daily life (Coal enables power generation, Iron Ore enables steel production, and Bauxite/Alumina enables Aluminum production). Despite their criticality, the dry bulk commodities are opaque and characterized by scarce, low-quality, and low update frequency data (i.e current data is lagging up to 3 months). Short-term forecasting is not widely and accurately available, while the commodity market operates in real-time.For example, China produces 47% and 28% of the world’s Coal and Iron Ore respectively. Yet the national statistics are released monthly, lagging by one and a half months. Similar issues exist with most producing countries such as Russia, Indonesia, South Africa, and Brazil. Available analysis solutions are time-consuming, prone to errors, too expensive, lack geographical coverage, and require deep sector expertise and advanced analytical skills to time process the vast amount of data.
A big part of our work is to combine conventional dry bulk statistics with real-time data from satellites and marine intelligence to deliver a digital twin of the global supply chain that will provide more accurate measurements and comprehensive insights of the worldwide market. We are consuming and interpreting data on a 24x7 basis, fusing conventional dry bulk data with AI-processed satellite data (e.g ship vessels’ tracking, stockpiles monitoring) and delivering advanced commodity analytics. DBX’s web platform enables users to view the most comprehensive and coherent visualizations of the global dry bulk market, while the DBX API enables the users to plug DBX data & predictions into their existing models and enhance their internal insights. Additionally, DBX is providing dry bulk traders and analysts with indispensable market analysis through data-driven research and Commodity experts' analysis, enabling our clients to make better-informed decisions.
We will be looking to fundraise to accelerate our global growth and augment our commercial and implementation teams in the next 12 months