The unique value of Direct Solutions mobility platform a) includes three powerful solutions in its platform: car sharing, rental and fleet management, b) it serves all types of sharing and rental: free floating and station based, c) it serves both conventional and electric cars, d) it is a dynamic and customizable tool to any business needs because it is all in-house developed and e) it is hardware agnostic which means that it can be compatible to any hardware device in the market and it can function without device if specific api's are provided by the car industry. Competitive Advantages A unified Platform that serves for car sharing, rental on demand, fleet management services and subscription based vehicles’ provision. A powerful team that can provide software and in-car consultancy. Fully customizable platforms to different customers’ needs. A “white label” model for any customer. A dynamic tool of Data Analytics provides value added KPI’s which can dynamically support strategic decisions for the fleet operation. “Need4Car” platform supports all car sharing models: station based, round trip, free floating, etc. Flexible and fully customizable tariff models.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
A third round of investment of 20M by the end of 2021 will position Direct Solutions in the Global Market and lead to Exit plan
A complete team of 6 members, with complimentary expertise constitutes Direct Solutions.
Direct Solutions a shared mobility technology provider offering End-to-End #connected_cars solutions
The future of mobility consists of technology enabled, door to door, multi-modal travel, including pre-trip, in-trip and post-trip services, in order to improve the mobility experience of the user.Direct Solutions is a shared mobility Technology Provider, offering End-to-End #connected_cars solutions to the global market. Mobility includes services from rental on demand up to sharing and subscription models.Vision: To introduce state-of-the-art technologies to the automotive market which will enable Service Providers to launch the most profitable and innovative mobility services.
Direct Solutions offers a complete mobility as a service (MaaS) platform which includessharing, rental on demand, and fleet management services in a complete hyper-unified platform, along with the in-car expertise consultancy to the car sharing providers. An End-to-End car sharing solution for both conventional and electric cars, for station based and free floating models, ensure any business development with the most advanced any security levels. Being the first car sharing solution in Greece, fully in-house developed, "Need4Car" offers unique values to its Customers. "Need4Car", consists of three software modules: 1. The Back Office Administration Platform: The complete management tool which includes all the required utilities for the car sharing service and rental providers, in order to manage, operate and offer the best business service to the end users. 2. The Mobile/Web Application: The Apps for the end users. 3. In-car technology consultancy: Offered to the service providers. In-car technology consultancy: Direct Solutions’ team provides consultancy and support for the in-car technology management of different types and brand of vehicles. The team has proven expertise for the in_car device installation order to have a fully functional car with the appropriate sharing features. The team has also integrated specific API features from brands like Daimler to the Need4Car’s modules so car sharing functionalities can be realized without any hardware installation.
Direct Solutions was established in 2014 as a telematics and fleet management company. In 2017 there was a strategic desicion to begin developing a new product in car sharing technology.In 2018 Direct Solutions achieved the first round of 1M, with a strategic partnership with Real Consulting SA, Greece, for further product development and global market penetration.In late 2018 Direct Solutions achieved the first customer contracts in Greece, broader Europe and OceaniaBy mid 2019 Direct Solutions has a strong presence in Europe, Oceania and Middle East.