A major drawback of the Greek economy is the low degree of synergy between public research units and SMEs or industrial stakeholders. The gap remains unbridged as long as the academia shows willingness to participate in entrepreneurship activities and on the other hand, private sector avoids taking risks towards novel technologies and services. Overcoming this issue is of utmost importance to accelerate the technological development, introduce new profitable business fields and create innovative products emphasizing on national sectors with long tradition and experience. The establishment of flexible working groups that combine high scientific expertise and excellent knowledge on the market may serve as the key to tackle existing limitations and allow research and industry to work in the same side.
In spite of its small size as a company, the competitive advantage of EcoResources is the ability to offer advanced services through active partnership with internationally organized Universities and Research Institutes. In particular, apart from its high specialization and know-how in process design and evaluation, the interdisciplinary scientific team of EcoResources has direct access to cutting-edge instrumentation and facilities located in Greece and abroad having the potential to provide high-quality and specialized analyses. This is a unique characteristic for a startup company which allows EcoResources to support high-value research for industries with limited laboratory capacities while, on the opposite direction, to offer the opportunity for upgrading laboratory validated procedures developed by the research sector into higher technology readiness levels. Unlike competitors which serve only one of the fields of innovation chain, EcoResources is in the privileged position to deliver an integrated package of applied research which includes conceive, analysis, development, management and implementation of state-of-the-art ideas that boost innovation for its customers to the maximum.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
The research team of EcoResources comprises of highly specialized scientists with long experience and continuous training in a variety of modern applied fields including chemical engineering, geology, agronomy and chemistry. Dr. E. Kokkinos is expert in Chemical and Environmental Technology and especially in the removal of toxic metals from water and flue gases and their recovery from industrial waste. Dr. K. Kontogiannopoulos holds a PhD in Chemistry and Technology of Natural products and Pharmaceutical Technology being very experienced on the utilization of bioactive natural products. Dr. K. Simeonidis is a Chemical Engineer emphasizing in the field of nanotechnology and particularly to the design and synthesis of nanoparticles oriented for water treatment and biomedical applications. Dr. E. Tzamos holds a PhD in Mineralogy, Geochemistry and Ore Geology with extended research in the field of Critical Raw Materials and utilization of mining wastes in the frame of the circular economy. Finally, EcoResources is supported by an external scientific advisory board comprised of internationally recognized Professors and Researchers.
EcoResources services and activities are practically unlimited since the research and development culture has become a necessity in the industrial sector. Following the increasing interest to ensure economic viability, sustainability and compliance to strict regulations, the private sector places much of their effort to promote innovation and adopt their operation in a circular economy concept. From this point of view, the margin for EcoResources growth is relatively high. However, unpredictable temporarily economic crisis may bring severe obstacles to this path since under such conditions, research and development actions become the most affected sector. Another possible barrier for the company’s growth can be the economic limitations placed by its size which inhibits the direct investment to developed innovative business plans or the participation in consortiums for large projects.
Implementing a 360 approach in research and technology development within circular economy
During the 2 years of operation, EcoResources managed to become active partner in many on-going research programs, while at the same time it provides analytical and technical services to many industries and Research Organizations. Suggestively, the design and construction of a mixing reactor for marble dust and polymers, the participation in the construction of a pyrolysis furnace for solid wastes and the production of digital biogas meters were some of the main milestones of the company. Recently, EcoResources was involved in a European project (FIGHT KIDS CANCER) related to the design of a reactor that produces magnetic nanoparticles at a clinical base that will be used as therapeutic agents for kids’ cancer forms. Nonetheless, a most importantly milestone for EcoResources to establish and lead the new Innovation Cluster on Greek companies dealing with Raw Materials (GRawMat) with emphasis in circular economy actions. The organization of GRawMat is under progress with the active participation of 10 large mining and production enterprises, 2 academic partners and 2 research SME companies, so far.
EcoResources invests in the vision of strengthening the links between high-level research organizations and private stakeholders by providing for the first time an integrated 360 approach; starting from the stage of building up the idea of a project till its scientific, technical, financial and managerial implementation. Developed services and sustainable solutions are expanded into the fields of chemistry, mining, agri-food, metallurgy, nanomaterials, biotechnology, bioenergy and pharmaceuticals. The multidisciplinary team of EcoResources is capable to conceptualize opportunities for the development of new products, cluster relevant partners and organize a well-defined research plan adopted to the requirements for industrial solutions and market commercialization. Special attention is given to the development and adoption of circular economy and environmental protection practices initiated by optimized scientific studies, which appears as the only a way to ensure sustainability.