The "Viewer" device, is a camera-based system designed to sustainably protect crops and effortlessly monitor plants, offering real-time detection of pests and enemies through embedded AI and machine vision models.The EU Green Deal and the global shift to greener crop protection strategies allows us to enter a market of nearly 10B (USD) for high value-added crops & claim savings on chemical costs using our flexible, tractor & sprayer-independent crop monitoring solution. We are redefining crop protection, helping farmers to reduce costs and produce food sustainably, as the competitive advantage of "The Viewer" lies in its approach to minimising time spent on laborious inspection tasks, limiting pest infestation hotspots & generally supporting decision making at all stages of the crop, thus reducing the cost of chemicals by up to 50% while on a societal level, it dramatically reduces the farmer's exposure to toxic substances, but also minimises pesticide residues in fruits and vegetables at harvest, enhancing the safety of the food that ends up on the consumer's shelf. The device is equipped with built-in artificial intelligence models using high precision cameras and 3D vision, while also offering easy installation on both standard sprayers and ISOBUS-11783 machines.
EdenCore is seeking to raise pre-seed funding in 2023, covering a runway of nearly 2 years, for supporting TRL product elevation and sales.
EdenCore’s team consists of 6 members, all experienced individuals with high-level academic background, thorough knowledge of the agriculture industry, strong software development and AI expertise, financial, entrepreneurial and marketing experience. - Dr. Spyros Fountas: Co-Founder, Professor in AUA, Scientific director- Nikos Mylonas: Co-Founder & CEO, AI & Computer Vision in Biosystems- Giannis Avgoustakis, CTO, Software lead & robotics- Giannis Malounas: COO, Agronomy and Computer Vision in Biosystems- Giorgos Tsiantis: CFO, Financing and Business Development- Georgina Finou: CMO, Marketing and Product DevelopmentTrack record on EU-level R&D projects and existing collaborations with some potential partners. Deep understanding of the ins and outs of smart farming industry, competitors, opportunities and know-how on testing, maturing and exploiting novel agritech products. More than 10 research outputs in projects we have been involved in are now commercial products.
Eden Library proposes a paradigm shift in the use of images and field-collected data, in order to foster AI adoption. With our digital solutions, we redefine crop protection, helping farmers reduce costs and produce food in a sustainable way.Our Solution: •“The Viewer”: an edge device designed to protect crops and effortlessly monitor plants, offering real-time detection of pests and pests through integrated artificial intelligence and machine vision models. High-resolution cameras combined with artificial illumination make sure that proprietary AI models are able to accurately detect, in real-time, objects of interest located on both sides of the tractor, providing actionable information as soon as possible to the farmer/agronomist and to agricultural implements. Information is transmitted to the tractor and implemented in real-time through widely used agricultural communication protocols. Through its unique design and cutting-edge technology can help farmers and cooperatives achieve savings in terms of pesticides as well as to help them plan ahead their logistics and harvesting costs by knowing in advance the expected produce per parcel. In the long run, as technology advances and agriculture changes rapidly the Viewer is expected to follow along by adopting novel technologies in software, hardware and material design while helping growers comply with novel cropping systems and legislation.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
So far, EdenCore has completed important milestones that helped the company's further development: - The official release of “Viewer”, a crop inspection device- Co-development of mobile AI app for plant classification with Corteva- Top-5 business ideas – NBG Business Seeds- Official clientship and partnership with BAYER for field trials- Viewer: MVP1 tested in 2022 season, MVP2 (commercial version) ready for 2023 season in apples, grapes, peaches- 4 sales in the biggest Greek peach association (Venus)- Collaboration with Bayer (2022) and Syngenta (2023) agrochemical companies in field trials and product refinement- 2023 participation in John Deere Technology pilot program held in Spain, for testing the integration of Viewer on John Deere tractors. A long-term exit opportunity.- Distribution partnerships with Agroma (Greece) and Agrotehniki (Bulgaria)
Enabling sustainable plant care with AI and machine vision technology.
EdenCore Technologies Private Company is a spin-off company of the Agricultural University of Athens and with our product initiative Eden Library, we deliver AI-driven solutions in the domain of smart farming and crop protection.