The project is technically and operationally supported by Advisable. Currently, Advisable occupies28 fully specialized employees (Developers, Marketeers, Graphic designers, etc). Vasilis Kallaras is the founder and inspirer of Advisable, which he created in 2015. Having more than 15 years in the IT and E-commerce industry, he designed along with the Advisable team the award-winning e-commercen platform, through which it is possible to fully manage and operate an integrated high-speed online store.Advisable's goal is to channel the experience, knowledge, and expertise it accumulates throughout its operation as a digital agency into the creation of specialized vertical products, aimed at the technological transformation and development of businesses.
Currently, Advisable's Ecommercen platform is the only AI Personalization platform that can provide a Vertical Market Solution with ready-made processes and integration with WMS, ERP, and 3rd party tools. It is designed to support not only specialized tools, such as AI Recommendations, AI Warehouse management, and AI Sales forecast but also marketing and System Function Automations at no extra charge. The platform is developed with high-end UX and UI mechanisms that allow rapid development in order to achieve the highest speed in finding the correct information. Also, it can easily be expanded without changing the basic structure of the program and can communicate with any external information system if required. It has already been used for the implementation of 50+ websites and E-shops and has supported them during even the most challenging conditions, allowing them to maximize their profits and expand their brand.
Ecommercen platform is an API-first SAaS e-commerce solution that can be used by e-retailers, digital agencies, and developers worldwide. Until today, it has already been used for the implementation of 50+ websites and e-shops and is managing more than €60 mil. per year's worth of online pharmacy transactions.It is critical to mention that Ecommercen is a two-time award-winning e-commerce specialized software, tested and delivered even to the most extreme business scenarios, and has already been listed between 700 SAaS platform systems in Capterra and between 250 e-commerce platforms in Builtwith.
We deliver an AI first ecommerce platform - ecommercen.com
- Ecommercen platform is an API-first SAaS e-commerce solution that can be used by e-retailers, digital agencies, and developers worldwide.- Ready-made product AI Recommendations, AI Warehouse management, AI Forecast- Vertical Market Solution (FMCG, Fashion, Electronics, etc) with ready-made processes for Warehouse Dept, Commercial Dept, Marketing, Operations (call center, etc) and integrations with WMS, ERP, 3rd party tools.- Special AI personalization for verticals (FMCG, Fashion).- Automations-ready platform (Custom automations diagram for Marketing/WMS/Operational Processes).- Biggest Marketplaces integration-ready platform (Amazon, eBay, Etsy, Wallgreens, Rakuten, Wish, etc). Ecommercen platform is a vertical solution for specific industries: Online Pharmacies & FMCG, Apparel/Fashion, and E-retail/ Electronics.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
We are on the way to Series A Funding Round in order to achieve more markets and technical needs.
Our custom Ecommercen platform offers the one-stop solution to every e-commerce need. Ecommercen deploys not only on the essentials, but also the necessary features and functions that will evolve your online business. Functionality, high speed, convenience, and effectiveness are the main axes that characterize Ecommercen. Combined with an extremely wide spectrum of useful and inspiring features, tools, and limitless customization capabilities, we are 100% confident that Ecommercen is the No.1 platform for every B2B or B2C project.