1. Dimitris Mantoulidis, CEO, VP of Mandoulides Schools, Analyst @ IFC education sector, Manager of Business Planning @ Strayer, Founder @ Stagelearn (2014 USA learning innovation finalist)2. Yiannis Zaoudis, IT Adviser, Cofounder Pollfish3. Thanasis Kontogeorgis, Head tutor, Math Olympiad winner 4. Iris Papadopoulou, Head tutor, 1st in math university exams in GreeceWe have domain expertise with skin in the game.
Adaptive learning: the one size fits all print textbook is not helping students stay engaged. We will provide recommendations that are based on robust statistical models. Big data for education will personalize the textbook and make it more fun and engaging to the students. Teachers will use adaptive learning to customize lesson plans for each student a process that would have been too time-consuming and cumbersome if it was to happen manually.At heart, we will become an API connected to a big data engine—learners use digital content and as students interact with this content, our API ingests everything the learner does (mouse clicks, wrong answers, time to progress/process, et. al) and analyzes these learner actions using our technology infrastructure to return to the learner an adaptive, personalized learning path to proficiency. Our value proposition is that we have 40+ years of international education bricks and mortar experience that we are moving on to online now. We will personalize the textbook.
We have signed up some corporate clients for our corporate programs. These corporate programs offer a 10% discount, as a company perk, to all the parents and their children, who work for these companies. To date, the most notable clients are Workable, Intrasoft, SEV, Nak Shoes, Apopsi, Epsilon Net, Hondos Center, Ianos, etc.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
We will need €1.000.000 to develop basic adaptivity and market the product in the high aptitude market (this is the entry point to the market)
Our goal is to be the “API for Education”, millions of pieces of digital educational content will run through our engine to create the Knowledge Graph, which is defined as the path for students to master the material. This Graph will further identify billions of connections among learners, learning styles, content, and instructional methods to personalize a learning pathway in almost any subject for any user. Additionally, Edutailors aims to be the “LinkedIn of Learning”—every user on the Edutailors’ Knowledge Graph should have a Learning Portfolio that tells the user how he or she learns best using the data created from the first day of using Edutailors-powered content.Initially, we will prove ourselves by offering courses (group and tutoring when the student struggles) to students online. The teachers can use their or our material to perform these sessions. Once the B2C model is proven then we will move to the B2B, where we will team up with enterprises (publishers, schools)
EduTailors is an online SaaS education platform that helps students, teachers, schools, tutoring centers & mentors facilitate tutoring, group courses & mentoring sessions. We serve the B2B and the B2C segments of the market.
Online education platform for students, teachers, schools, tutoring centers & mentors