Create value to the customers by providing unique IoT solutions at selected verticals
1) Dot.Assistance, a Roadside Assistance Platform, a holistic solution incorporates all stages, from receiving a call from roadside assistance’s customer to its definite completion. It provides a mobile App to the insured customer, a web platform for call reception and handling, event assignment algorithms for roadside assistance vehicles and last but not least, a mobile app for vehicles 2) Dot.Optimizer, a multi objective strategic optimization solution. Highly sophisticated algorithms utilize macroscopic optimization data to draw strategic decision support such as capacity & resource management 3) Dot.Scheduler, a scheduling & optimization solution applied to fuel oil distribution. 4) Dot.Weighing, automatic weighing of waste containers using load cells, installed on waste collection vehicles (RCV’s) 5) Dot.SmartBin, a holistic waste bin management system, that uses in-house developed level sensors and Azure cloud platform, implementing data-driven waste management
While EmDoT is a relatively new company (incorporation date: March 18, 2019), we have already developed the above solutions, which are all fully operational for many key customers. Dot.Assistance has been already applied for several months into full production mode, by INTERAMERICAN a leading insurance company in Greece, member of ACHMEA Group, https://www.interamerican.gr/en, delivering over half a million roadside services per year and it has delivered considerable results. Dot.Optimizer has been applied to INTERAMERICANDot.Scheduler has been applied into full production mode to EKO, member of the Hellenic Petroleum Group, https://www.eko.gr/ Dot.SmartBin has already been adapted by the following municipalities in Greece: Athens https://www.cityofathens.gr/, Vari-Voula-Vouliagmeni https://www.vvv.gov.gr/, Penteli https://penteli.gov.gr/ and the Hellenic Recovery Recycling Corporation https://www.herrco.gr/
EmDoT solves the following problems: 1) Roadside assistance digitalization and service optimization. Roadside assistance service providers are facing operational challenges and heavy workloads. Our solution secures high levels of customer satisfaction and alleviates stress on staff and providers. 2) Strategic resource estimation. Correlation of the following entities: resources, demand, constraints (eg required quality of service). It allows eg in a logistic company the estimation of the required contracted delivery trucks at a forecasted altered customer demand. 3) Scheduling and route optimization solution at the fuel oil distribution sector, where many constraints are applied such as single order per truck compartment etc 4) Pay As You Throw is a new trend and requires solutions such as weighing and identification of waste containers. 5) Avoidance of overfilled waste containers and collection cost minimization.
EmDoT is a team of engineers, who encompasses the business processes and needs, in order to provide solutions that will help the company improve operations effectiveness. Our team is experienced with deep technical and industry knowledge. The core team consists of: Dimitris C. Venizelos, Founder and CEO, M.Sc. Computer and Informatics Engineer - University of Patras, 30+ years of experience in the deployment of advanced M2M and IoT solutions. Dr. Thanasis Chondronasios, Electronics Department Manager, PhD in Electronic Engineering - University of Manchester, 18+ years of experience in research and development of innovative integrated electronic systems for the sectors of telecommunications, measurement and control George Leontopoulos, Software Solutions Architect, MSc in Informatics and Telecommunications - Ethnikon kai Kapodistriakon Panepistimion Athinon, +15 years of experience in designing and development software solutions
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
EmDoT has a successful commercial activity so far and therefore has no urgent financing needs. However, new investments could be used to finance the further expansion of our technical lead in the above IoT sectors, to carry out large projects that require development funding as well as to expand our business activities to other countries
We have already developed the above innovative IoT products. Dot.Assistance is a holistic cloud-based roadside assistance solution, incorporating advanced optimization algorithms. Dot.Optimizer, is the only available solution offering capacity & resource management. Concerning the Dot.Scheduler, it is the only available solution at the sector of fuel oil distribution, dealing with the constraint of single order item per truck compartment. As a final point, Dot.Weighing is the only system that does not demand structural intervention at waste collection vehicle’s lifting system. Patent applications have been filedThe IoT solutions and services market demonstrate a significant growth potential. The global IoT solutions and services market size is expected to increase from USD 139.3 billion in 2019 to USD 278.9 billion by 2024, at a Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) of 14.9% during the forecast period. Especially in the smart waste management sector, more than 6 million smart bin sensors will have been installed at 2027 (according to Luxembourg Institute of Science and Technology)