Incorporation date March 13, 2019. Some key milestones relative to the successful deployment of customer projects are:•June 2019, deployment of BeThere customer service to the cement corporate LafargeHolcim Bulgaria•November 2019, deployment of e-meter fully digitized environmental condition monitoring in the new Athens pharmaceutical products warehouse of the pharmaceuticals corporate Lilly Pharmaserve•February 2020, deployment of e-pressure solution to the cement corporate LafargeHolcim Greece•September 2020, deployment of the Ventilation-on-Demand solution to Delphi Distomon (Aluminum of Greece affiliate) mines. https://www.sme.gr/h-nea-technologia-stin-ipiresia-veltistopoiisis-tou-exaerismou-ipogeion-ergon/•October 2020, start of the new research project i-EAT, along with our customers MEVGAL (food industry) and MAKIOS (food logistics), aiming to digitize diary product transportation•November 2020, deployment of m-schedule service for retail order scheduling to corporate retailer Masoutis (The solution obtained the Golden prize, e-evolution award 2021). https://www.voria.gr/article/chrisi-sinergasia-tis-eterias-masoutis-me-tin-empasis-digiworld•January 2021, deployment of cement overloading protection system to cement corporate LafargeHolcim Greece•January 2021, during the last 20 months the company gradually increased the workforce team by 4 staff members and initiated new investments during the Covid-19 outbreak period
During 2021 we plan a new investment round. We are seeking for serious investment propositions in order to expand globally our market. The investment will be used:•For global market business development focused on cement and mining industries•To staff the team with more experts in software development, hardware design, cement/mining expert consultants and marketing•For R&D to develop and certify breakthrough productsThe actual capital requirement for the new round is under evaluation.
Emphasis DigiWorld is focused on the deployment of solutions for data-driven operational intelligence and sensor-based performance analysis of business processes. Our approach is based on the design of advanced sensing solutions to acquire raw data which can reliably quantify business processes. We acquire process awareness data with the deployment of machine-to-machine (M2M) / Ιndustrial Internet of Things (IIoT) modules and furthermore we use web/mobile technologies to visualize data, support real-time decision-making and optimize business processes in various industries.We have experience offering real-time data driven operational intelligence solutions for industrial production, mining and logistics. We provide solutions with transformative impact on business processes that enhance the business performance, safety, quality and operational cost effectiveness of our customers. Our solutions and services are already field proved on several corporate installations and are bundled with field expert services to ensure the optimal impact to the digital transformation of our customers.
We offer complete business transformation products to assist our customers to identify, deploy, sustain and maximize disruptive technology that adds value to their business. We use sensor-based data acquisition to measure our customer operational processes in real time. Data is stored, processed and analyzed on our cloud solutions. Our technical expertise includes IIoT embedded system hardware design and cloud solution software design. We are directly contacting our customers and work closely with them. Our market approach is complemented by a team of industry experts to assist our customers on all the stages of their digitization roadmap. Our solutions:e-meter. Digital twin of production and logistics operations in order to boost process performance, save cost and increase qualitye-mining. Real time sensor based automated analysis of mining operationse-track. Digitization of transportation services, aiming to reduce transportation costs, boost quality of service and enhance safetyOur solutions are offered to the customers following the “as-a-Service” business model.
Emphasis DigiWorld aims to offer a complete business transformation product to assist customers to identify, deploy, sustain and maximize disruptive technology that adds value to their business. We are not just another typical consultant or technology provider, but rather acts as a partner. We assign domain experts who are fully embedded in the organization of our customers, on the frontline with their staff. This approach led us to develop edge technology solutions that provide valuable services to our customers, including the following examples of successfully deployed systems:e-pressure solution for the cement industry. It uses sensors to monitor transaction during cement unload from pressurized silo tankers. e-pressure reacts immediately upon safety exceptions & reports data to corporate roles through a cloud platforme-schedule solution for the on-line retail industry. Innovative scheduling of order execution for on-line retailers. Includes a versatile customer information component to let the customer know the accurate delivery timeVentilation-on-Demand solution for the mining industry. Wireless air quality & ventilation control for underground mining operations that preserves in real-time operators Health & Safety and reduces ventilation energy & environmental impactOur solutions have various TRL levels & currently we are standardizing certification, setup and deployment in order to commercialize them in the international market.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Operational Intelligence & Digitization with focus on industrial production, mining & logistics
Focused on the development of solutions for data-driven operational intelligence and sensor-based performance analysis of business processes, Emphasis DigiWorld applies machine-to-machine (M2M), industrial Internet of Things (IIoT) and visualize data using web/mobile technologies to support real-time decision making and optimize business processes in various sectors, such as mining, cement and aggregates industries.Emphasis DigiWorld team has substantial marketing and technological expertise in:- Industrialize and offer solutions “as-a-Service”- Design embedded-electronics for equipment operating under harsh environmental conditions- Design wireless solutions, based on GPRS, 4G, NB-IoT networks and LoRa networks - Develop software platforms for data storage, management and implementation of Business Intelligence solutions to support business processesOur team has very strong academic background combined with long commercial experience in innovative solutions market deployment.We offer field proved complete business transformation solutions and we assist our customers to identify, deploy, sustain and maximize disruptive technology that adds value to their business and provide them with the requested differentiator to lead their competitive market.