ENALOS has met some crucial milestones and the main traction lies on the customer portfolio and pipeline created in Greece and international level. ENALOS is equipped with a large scale infrastructure (investement made on 2019-2020 and estimated to be above 100k€) which came in through own investment and out of pilot contracts with customers. ENALOS has signed contracts for "ENALOS CE" since 2019 with Arcelormittal, Mytilineos group, LARCO, Qwatzwerke; has paid pilots active with ORANO, Augunish Alumina, TERNA Magnesites; Boliden, Aplitt on pipeline for contract signature; and more on pipeline. “ENALOS GEO” is under full certification process by the accredited laboratories and authorities to be received later in 2021 and offer full fledge options for penetrating market more aggressively. "ENALOS GEO" customers are GEK TERNA, AMSA, VINCI, OLYMPIA ODOS, VERTECO
ENALOS is based on own contribution and investments. Intention is to be bootstrapping for the next period to reach industrial production of the developed products.
ENALOS has validated this challenge as an untapped opportunity, since these waste streams can be valorised into a secondary resource and return back to the value chain into final products under circular economy approach. ENALOS has developed a two sided innovative product and business model that tackles the above problem by providing a) “ENALOS CE” product which is a circular economy innovative methodology offered to the waste holder companies resolving their landfill waste volumes handling, detaching the attached costs, delivering CSR and negative CO2 by turning their waste into final product.“ENALOS CE” is based ona low energy consumption, environmental friendly and negative CO2 emissions process.; and b) “ENALOS GEO” which is a series of modular final productsout of above wastes sold to the construction sector and tunneling industry. Materials have proven high technical features with key ingredient the fire resistance to high temperature (1050-1350C) proven in real application.
ENALOS is a “spin out” company out of Dr. Konstantinos Sakkas PhD which delivered the initial methodology (now “ENALOS CE” product) to transform industrial wastes in valuable materials which now are turned into marketable products (now “ENALOS GEO”). During the PhD, more than 10 publications (e.g 1) Behaviour of Passive Fire Protection K-Geopolymer under Successive Severe Fire Incidents by K. Sakkas,et.al Materials 2015, 8(9), 2) Sodium-based fire resistant geopolymer for passive fire protection , 2014 K. Sakkas,et.al Fire and Materials 39(3)) were delivered and was the baseline for the today created products and business of ENALOS. Innovation of ENALOS lies both on technological and on business approach. “ENALOS CE” product offers an innovative automated circular economy methodology for the targeted customers to receive ad-hoc solution for their specific wastes, turning them into final products and by discharging theirsites from the landfill waste problem and costs. “ENALOS GEO” products are proved to have equal or higher technical features to available construction materials, at a fragment of 1/2 price and with negative CO2 impact. “ENALOS CE” combined with “ENALOS GEO” offer an innovative holistic product combo, which delivers definite solution to our customers on what until now was only fragmented and diluted services without real solution.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Dr. Konstantinos Miltiadis Sakkas (M) PhD in material science, National Technical University of Athens, in 2014. Expert in fire resistance and geopolymers, experience in marketing and R&D. He is shareholder in ENALOS and Managing Director.Dr. Nikolaos Vagiokas (M) PhD in risk management, Aristotle Univeristy of Thessaloniki, in 2008. Expert in business development. Long year management of companies. He is Chief Financial Officer.MSc Georgopoulos Christos (M) Chemical Engineer, Aristotle Univeristy of Thessaloniki, in 2008. Expert in building materials and innovative coatings. He is Head of the Research and Development Department.MSc Ballis Athanasios (M) Geologist, University of Athens , in 2012. Expert in mineralogical and chemical analyses. Lab expert.
Extractive and Raw Materials Processing Industries are strongly related to the generation of large volumes of solid wastes. In 2017, mining activities in the EU-28 were accountablefor 25 billions tons, ~30% of the total global waste which will be steadily increasing the following years. In most cases, these wastes are landfilled and are connected with high costs for owner company (>200€/ton), which under Green Deal such costs are expected tosky roofed and turn into an uneconomical burden. On top of that, there is a high environmental impact behind the handling of such waste with significant CO2 emissionsattached, which should be tackled in the new green economy. The clear opportunity and connected challenge (validated with various customers) is to handle these waste streams and reduce to minimum the volumes that need to be landfilled under economical, environmental and circular economy terms.
We turn wastes into high added value materials with circular economy methodology