Enforge has been qualified in three different innovation calls/competitions held by EIT Digital & EIT Manufacturing:- EIT Digital Venture Program 2021- EIT Manufacturing BoostUp Ris 2021, 3rd place in CREATE category- EIT Manufacturing EVO-R RIS 2021Currently we are working on several pilot implementations with manufacturers in Athens and Thessaloniki.
Enforge is a cloud-based factory digitalization solution to enable manufacturers, mass-deliver personalized products, faster & at a lower cost. Manufacturers can easily configure their products along with the corresponding production processes in Enforge. Once set up, production managers can automatically generate optimized production plans and supervise the production process. Technicians receive informative work orders eliminating the need for unnecessary communication. Integrations with customer’s ERP, CRM and eshop implementations provide a solid link between sales, accounting and production, allowing traceability and resulting in higher customer satisfaction.Enforge features a core Digital-Twin engine accessible through an industrial grade API. Our innovative Digital Twin is able to digitalize product and process knowledge in a parametric manner which is then used as the authoritative information source for all activities: Sales, Engineering, Manufacturing.
Enforge is implementing the innovative concept of Digital Twin and Model Based Enterprise into an industrial grade cloud service, built for adoption by SME manufacturers to address the challenge of mass-production of personalized products.In terms of scalability, our growth barriers in this case are the sales, onboarding and customer success functions which will grow linearly with our customer base. Especially the onboarding stage requires a lot of technical knowledge to configure Enforge for a new client. We are working towards a self-service version of Enforge that will require minimal customer support from our side. On a technical level, our infrastructure is ready to scale globally (we use Kubernetes and docker).
Next generation, digital-twin based production planning & control platform
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Our team consists of experienced profiles with complementary, business and engineering backgrounds with proven track records in the manufacturing and software engineering sector.
We have secured funding for development through grants and pilot implementations. Currently we are in the process of selecting the next group of champion customers for our next release cycle. We do not seek VC or angel funding for the time being.
Next generation, digital-twin based production planning & control platform for discrete manufactured products. Enforge digitalizes product and process knowledge to unify enterprise operations and automate repetitive tasks from sales to manufacturing. Our mission is to enable manufacturers to offer quality personalized products, in time and quality, for every single order.