Enginius has designed the Municipality/Company application, available in Apple's App Store and Google's Play Store. Our implementation incorporates a number of innovative technologies and offers direct information to the citizen/user. Through an easy to use environment created with usability in mind, our implementation offers a number of facilities to the user, while enabling the direct and two-way communication of the municipality/company with the citizen/user. Our native application offers easy communication of the citizen/user via email and telephone, news of the Municipality/Company through Push Notifications, summary and detailed information for points of interest and location-based information about nearby points of interest, using iBeacon technology. Another ready-made solution is the Historical Site Seeing application, available in Apple's App Store and Google's Play Store. Users get info of the relevant routes with navigation, a presentation of all points of interest with a distance of kilometers from the current location of the user and detailed information on each point of interest, with the ability to present content and navigate to it. Both applications are supporting Augmented Reality and iBeacon technology.
Business traction is very important for a start-up company. There is no one way to measure traction, however, we rely on customer responses and revenue as indicators of our success. We have long term satisfied customers that renew their contracts with us. It is important and helps us understand where we stand in the mobile application industry and where we would like to be in the near future.
Our company offers complete mobile solutions for professionals of all sizes and subjects. Our ultimate goal is not just to meet the existing needs of each business, but to provide solutions and make proposals to improve its operation. Each end product will be able to offer maximum user experience, using all cutting edge technologies - Push notifications, Cloud data, iBeacons, AR, etc.
Our company offers innovative mobile software solutions, making use of all the advanced technologies
Enginius utilises cutting edge technology with the use of iBeacons. Apple's iBeacon technology makes use of Bluetooth Low Energy protocol, in order to offer two-way wireless communication over multiple distances. This way our applications are able to know user's current location and update each one, by offering targeted information. iBeacon is transmitting a universally unique identifier picked up by a compatible app. The identifier and several bytes sent with it can be used to determine the device's physical location, track customers or trigger a location-based action on the device such as a check-in on social media or a push notification. iBeacon can also be used with an application as an indoor positioning system, which helps smartphones determine their approximate location or context. We are the first known company in Greece that we publish an application that makes use of iBeacon technology and we offer added interactive value to our applications.Our applications are also using Augmented Reality (AR) technology, which offer interactive experience of a real-world environment where the objects that reside in the device’s camera are "augmented" by computer-generated perceptual information. Enginius obvious goal is for profits to exceed revenues, more and more every year. This scalable model makes revenues rapidly outpace expenses, but we also try to be methodical, in order to secure that it is reliable.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Stathis Giorgos is the CEO and Founder of Enginius and has more than 25 years of professional experience. Vrakotas Andreas is running the software dpt.Makris Gerasimos-Dante is running customer support.