Series A for development of innovative Precision Medicine applications.
The product is a cloud-based SaaS platform which scales directly with the available data. It enables automation of bioinformatic analytical workflows and interpretation of genomic data.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Fast, automated discovery of genomic and multi-omic biomarkers for Precision Medicine
e-NIOS was founded by a group of researchers with a long history of successful collaboration, who developed a novel, innovative methodology for biological knowledge mining, enabling the automation, acceleration and standardization of modern genomic applications, including precision/personalized medicine, drug discovery and biotechnology research. The methodology is implemented as a high-performance cloud application up to industry standards for scalable processing of big data.
Multidisciplinary team (biology, informatics, medicine) with a long history of successful collaboration in academic research.
e-NIOS’ BioInfoMiner is a SaaS platform that enables data-driven, standardized analysis and interpretation of multi-omic data, offering an end-to-end streamlined solution, from raw multi-omic data to small sets of prioritized biomarkers (signatures), describing key molecular processes and their driver genes. Based on the signatures, BioInfoMiner features: 1. Identification of genomic drivers and key cellular/biochemical processes including drug target identification.2. Pharmacogenomic analysis for drug targeting as well as drug repurposing or off label/repurposing trial use. 3. Sample and cohort/patient stratification for clinical trial design or meta-analysis.
Company's clients and partners are prestigious universities, research centers and institutions from Europe and USA. The company has received several European Grants, including 3 Horizon 2020 and owns 3 international patents in co-ownership with the French national biomedical research institution INSERM.