We focus on software innovation and we created two B2B platforms for chatbot and AR/VR Training.
2016 - While creating chatbots as students in NTUA and being active members of the startup community, we find the opportunity when Facebook announced their open chatbot API to found Enneas.gr and sublease a small office in VoulisEarly 2017 - Secured our first big contract selling our platform to OPAP and created the biggest (in a user perspective) chatbot solution in Greece. 5 years later and we are still working with OPAP, whoplayed a major part in shaping our product in a big organisations needsLate 2017 - Thrilled by the AR/VR apps, we start a new product within Enneas.gr and we manage to sell our VR Training platform to COSMOTE2018 - Our products gain a lot of traction, we improve as software engineers and we start selling to more clients and we receive the SOME Silver Award for the best Chatbot SolutionEarly 2019 - We start to rely on a solid business model with our products being renewed by big organisations, so we move to our own bigger offices in Merlin to host our team to a much more friendly and innovative environment.Late 2019 - We start heavily investing in the tech innovation of our products, being part of Horizon programs for VR Training (XR4all) and implementing big data solutions to our Analytics Platforms. Early 2020 - The Some Gold Award for the Best Chatbot Solution and the Golden Bite Award 2020 in the category "New Innovative Product / Service” for our Training Platform, work like a charm for our hype investing in technology
Built a team of talented people, ready to adjust any new technology and create market-ready solutions based on cutting edge technologies.Working together since 2016. Our key members and tech leaders:George Patseas - CPO and co-founder of ENNEAS, Tech entrepreneur and software engineer with extensive experience in building innovative digital platforms and immersive experiences for such market leaders as COSMOTE, OPAP, Coca-Cola and leading academic organisations. Proud Electrical & Computer Engineer alum of NTUA. Christos Panagiotakopoulos - CTO and co-founder of ENNEAS. Backend developer specialising in NodeJS. Since 2016, focused on chatbot technologies using Facebook's Messenger Platform as well as wit.ai and other natural language processing engines.George Kairis - AR/VR Team Leader of Enneas. George has something unique and complementary to the rest of the team. He has not studied Computer Science, but is a proud Unity Developer with almost 10 years of experience in this, having studied in Athens School of Fine Arts.
Our chatbot platform has a very strong context and intention handler engine and a very friendly adapter to create new flows for viber and messenger. We base our NLP tech in Wit.ai and Markovian chains but we are now working as well with GTP models. We have more than 50million chatbot related data in Greek to make our NLP better by our chatbots. We plan to use the same method for the next languages we are adding or cooperate with local NLP/NLU companies. We are working in Romania we just started working with Viber in Bulgaria.Our main competitive advantage in our VR platform is that we can integrate our VR functions and scenarios in our client’s environment (3D Model or 360). This was a big part of our Horizon program (XR4All). The program was to use our scenarios and plugins and a scalable way, so we can create training scenarios using our platform and our clients environment.As we do not target at all SMEs and we only work with big organisations, the most important part of our USP is that we can integrate our platforms with their needs with a strong implementation plan.
Currently we have secured all the funds we need through out B2B partnerships to make our platforms better, grow our team and expand our sales network.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Big organisations cannot find reliable solutions on top tech software in the fields of chatbots & AR/VR Training. They either have to hire big tech companies as SaaS that have a huge cost or either buy ready “no-code” solutions that have 0 customisation options. The big opportunity here is to create a product that can combine the best of the two worlds, by having a ready made platform and IP while at the same time understanding that a big organisation cannot devote human resources on these solutions, so you have to offer a solid implementation and maintenance plan for your platform.
Our platforms come to solve this problem, offering a clear solution to these organizations.The chatbot platform consists of three components:- the chatbot engine - the analytics platform - the Admin Panel that acts like a CMS and campaign manager The most crucial component here is the design of the above solution, being able to be integrated to our clients existing software (CRM, SRM etc) so they help their operations. We are very glad that we are selected by Viber as the go-to company for chatbots in our region.The second platform consists of also three similar components:- the training scenarios in either VR/AR or 360 in Unity (4 scenarios already created for fire safety, working in heights, escaping plants and electricity safety measures.)- the analytics platform - the Admin Panel that acts like a CMS and campaign manager The most crucial component to our training platform is that organizations can use their own 3D designs or 360 panoramas, as this is crucial for their operations.