The innovation consists on a unique B2B platform which will solve the problem of many aviation companies coming from both civil and military aviation sector and comprise airlines, maintenance centers, producers, distributors and resellers.The platform is scalable because it is addressed to all the companies of the sector worldwide.
Our platform, www.chemicals.aero, is solving the problem of chemicals cost the aviation companies face on their operations. The problem is solved by giving the opportunity to all the users of the aviation chemical products to sell the product they have in stock and they won’t need until its expiration and also locate the product they would like to buy with better price than the brand new one, as it will have a limited life.
Aero Apartion is active in the aviation industry. It provides spare parts and repair management services, supporting the operations of its airline customers, repair stations and the Armed Forces. Aero Apartion represents and promotes big companies and maintenance centers from the US, EU and Israel in Greece and Cyprus.One of its specializations is the supply of chemical products such as lubricants, cleaners, sealants, greases, hydraulic fluids, paints, adhesives, corrosion inhibitors, coatings, strippers, resins, or primers.
Aero Apartion is the preferred partner of numerous original equipment manufacturers and repair centers and it is certified by TUV Hellas with ISO 9001:2015 Quality Management System as well as ISO 37001:2016 Anti-bribery Management System.The platform is already created and has started to be promoted with address: www.chemicals.aero .
Up to this point, the platform has been developed based on Aero Apartion’s own funding. In order though to be able to promote and manage the project outside Greek borders, a funding of 500K Euro would be necessary for the constant and yearly participation on different aviation expositions in Europe, Middle East, Asia and Americas and for the hiring of staff with adequate managerial and marketing knowledge of the field.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
The core team is Mihalis Valaskatzis (Managing Director), Helen Kontoyanni (Commercial Manager), Kostas Tritos (Operations Manager) and Vangelis Hasialis (Financial Manager). More people will be added depending on the needs of the project. The users of the platform will choose Aero Apartion because our proposal helps them reduce their costs and provide them with long term solutions on supply problems.
TRADING OF AVIATION PARTS, COMPONENTS AND CHEMICALS AND RELATED CONSULTING SERVICES