ENTELECHY CUBE is a pioneer in Predictive Analytics BI software based on Systems Thinking, synthesizing Reductionism and Systems' (Holism) theories. It focuses on measuring the Business System's profitability as the sum of all its consisting SKU Elements' profitability. With daily updates of a set of simple data, any ERP can provide and build a trusted Information Black-Box for the Past and Present Business Picture in 3D detail.The innovative Predictive Algorithms daily rerun and Machine Learning extend the historical mined Data Relations patterns to the Future, restructuring a precise Future Picture and guiding safe Ordering and Replenishment processes to Maximize Business Profitability and ROI.
ENTELECHY plans to Operate a Multilingual Global e-Platform, in Partnership with a Global PARTNER specializing in Big Data/Blockchain and AI practices under an Instant Daily Revenue Sharing Model, exploiting the Method’s advantages.ENTELECHY & PARTNER will distribute ENTELECHY CUBE in three versions:1. EC-3D. “Raise your Business to the Cube.” 3D P&L Cube six Views. P&L per Sold and Cost per Stocked. 2. EC-4D. “Raise your Business Cube.” 4D P&L views in a CUBE for Past, Present, and projected Future Business Picture. Interface with ERPs for Daily Data Export updates. Accurate P&L per Sold and Cost per Stocked. Machine Learning Predictive Analytics for Ordering and Replenishment planning, Buffer stock specs. Daily relocation advice for max ROI.3. EC-AI. “AI your Business Cube.” EC-4D plus AI. Bi-directional interface with ERP. Redirects SKU Elements in their Supply Chain journey. AI ordering and replenishment.ENTELECHY CUBE will be available for millions of Small, Medium, and Large Commercial Businesses in Dozens of Countries, serving their total needs for trillions of Products and transactions per day.Retailers, Wholesalers, Distributors, and Shipping Companies utilizing a Supply Chain and an ERP system will join, as they will significantly benefit. Additionally, many ERP Providers will cooperate with B2B.
ENTELECHY CUBE Innovation stems from tracing each SKU individually along its Supply Chain journey within the Organization. All relevant dimensions (direct/indirect costs, revenues, profit, and losses) are traced to provide a multidimensional image of the Company. This simulates a Business Entity as a hot-air Balloon and its Carriage as a Cube. Inputs of Raw Materials and Products SKU Cubes add the weight of the Supplier Cost, while rents, salaries, and Operating Expenses add the Operating cost weight to the Carriage. Sales converted to Revenues finalize the Business Scope. Profits uplift, and losses force down the Business Balloon.Using Blockchain logic, ENTELECHY CUBE brings routing information, Inventory, and Financial transactions in connected, transparent, and traceable Day-Cubes. Calculating and allocating all daily Expenses to the participating SKU measures the accurate P&L per sold SKU and the exact cost added per Stocked SKU. Marks the Profitable and Loss-making SKU-Cubes and Categories and the cause of their Results, tracing their "cost added" weight through the Supply Chain Routes and instructs focused corrective actions.Using the historical Static and Dynamic Properties, get accurate Predictive Analytics of the Business, per SKU Cube side:1. Revenues.2. Kind.3. Price.4. Life Cycle.5. Source.6. Costs.Machine Learning extends Relations pattern findings to the Predicted Future, and AI redirects SKUs to maintain Equilibrium in all six dimensions.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Socrates Zygomalas. Founder and Intellectual property owner, CEOAthens University of Economics and Business. Business ManagementHarris Zygomalas. IT and new technologies Advisor. HW AdvisorProject manager at ALLSHOP,Aston University UK, Internet SystemsDimitris Tsoubelis. Systems Analysis & Design Advisor. SW AdvisorThe University of Athens, Dept. of Mathematics. The London School of Economics, MSc, Ph.D. in Systems AnalysisKonstantinos Kostopoulos. Legal and Arbitration, AdvisorUniversity of Athens Faculty of LawLlm and Mediator Attorney at LawUK University of Hull MSc in LawYiannis Makris Commercial-Brand A&P, AdvisorRichmond University, Computer Science, Business Intelligence and Supply ChainFMCG commercialization and category creation for big retail distribution channelsStratos Koumantakis. IT project manager, Advisor Athens Control Data Institute, IT and Systems Design AlkinoosPsarras. R&D in Systems Theory, Advisor University of PiraeusTotal Quality ManagementAdmitted ALLSHOP to the University of PiraeusMyMediCube TeamDimitrios Katsarelias MD, PhDSchool of Medicine University of Turin ItalyPh.D.: Surgery at the University of AthensSenior Consultant Department of SurgerySahlgrenska university hospital Sahlgrenska AcademyGothenburg, SwedenLida Pistioli, MDSchool of Medicine University of AthensSurgery at the University of Athens Ph.D. University of Gothenburg Breast division, department of surgery
ENTELECHY CUBE proved and improved since 1991 in Retail Store Chains, meeting the 2008 Blockchain Technology to Combine expertise.•1991. “ENTELECHY PROCESS” was established, introducing ALLSHOP, the first BI for Retail Business with immutable Day-blocks in chronological series, including information, Inventory & financial flows, operating in Systems’ (Holism) •1998. ENTELECHY PROCESS contracts a Greek Retailer for the Management of 23 stores•2008. The Retailer and ENTELECHY PROCESS awarded as Retailer and Manager of the Year 2007 •2014. ENTELECHY was established to upgrade ALLSHOP into the ENTELECHY CUBE. •2019. Register of ENTELECHY CUBE intellectual properties to Athens Notarial Office. •2021. Official Methodology reveals through Elevate Greece searching for a Global Partner specializing in Big Data/Blockchain and AI practices.•2021. MyMediCube project. The implementation of ENTELECHY CUBE in Medicine Science researching Life Expectancy results per Health Event in Life.•2021. Free-n-e project. The implementation of ENTELECHY CUBE in Private Monetary Systems as a global Sellers Free Market
ENTELECHY CUBE creates the AVATAR of any commercial organization System as a hot-air balloon. Profitability gains uplift the balloon, while losses drop the balloon down.Simulates every passing-by SKU Element and the Business System as the Cube Carriage basket, organizing their Static and Dynamic properties to six specific Category groupings, one per Cube's face. Simulating Blockchain technology creates the CubeChain, a private data library with the linked immutable Day-Cubes, set in chronological order, the EnteleCubes. Form a Trusted and Transparent to all Stakeholders, CubeChain of Traceable Information, Inventory, and Financial data in immutable EnteleCubes data.Each EnteleCube contains theOpen-Day Stock data, SKUs Input and Outputs, the allocated Expenses to the day, and the End-Day Stock data equaled the Next day's Open-Day Stock data.Using Data mining and Machine Learning restructures a clear Future business picture, utilizes data relations pattern findings into targeted ordering and replenishment processes, achieving the merchandising flows in Equilibrium and compliance with the six faces' trend relations in time.Allocates the daily expenses per SKU-Cube succeeds in calculating the accurate P&L per SKU and the exact cost per SKU in Stock. Highlights the Profit and Loss-making SKUs and Categories, guiding successful corrective actions.Finally, it triggers AI by ordering, allocating, relocating, and altering SKU routes in the supply chain to maximize ROI.
Data Management, Blockchain in Supply Chain, Machine Learning, Predictive Analytics & AI in Systems’