Vasileios Karavasilis is 27 years old a Computer Engineer and the Managing Director of the company. He also currently acts as Interim Chairperson of the Game Developers Association of Greece. He has an active part of the game development community of Greece since 2012 and the Greek Startup Eco-System since 2016.Konstantinos Mourelas is the Art Director of the company and one of the best Technical Artists in Greece. He has been working for over 15 years as a 3D artist in both Greece and the UK and has had experience in interactive works for various industries including architecture, photography, and even military training. Konstantinos Koukoudis is an audio-visual artist with a passion for 3D printing and alternative technologies. He spearheads the most experimental undertakings of the company and uses his experience as a maker and artist to create innovative, artistic yet useful products.Every person working with us is open-minded, flexible, and highly proficient in their field. We prioritize the well-being of our people and encourage free, creative thinking within our team.
Innovation is at the heart of whatever project we are undertaking. The main problem we are tackling for our customers is exactly that. The lack of innovation in their products. We constantly do our best on both an artistic and technical level to create the most innovative products possible. We use cutting-edge technologies that at many times are highly experimental and are always happy to partner with clients that have extremely specific needs that only our know-how can solve. We are extremely versatile with a vast array of both technical and artistic skills that makes us a strong competitor in the interactive media space. Our value proposition is simple, we can turn anything into an immersive experience that can change the way you perceive the world around you.For the past four years, we have been constantly expanding our client base across the world leading to a solid array of partners that can ensure consistent, albeit linear, growth for the next few years. We are currently making an effort to expand our operations into the B2C gaming market by creating a smaller team within the company focusing on the production of video games for a commercial audience. Distribution of these games will happen through online game stores like Steam. Our baseline operations will help us keep the company healthy and working while we invest in the video game market which has a larger potential for exponential growth.
eNVy softworks is an award-winning interactive media development studio that takes on creative, innovative projects. We focus our expertise in emerging media technologies, like Virtual Reality and Augmented Reality, on the needs of our customers to create unique solutions for problems in a variety of industries. From construction and medicine, to culture and video games our solutions serve to educate and entertain people, market products and services and even tackle extremely specialized industry-specific needs.
We are currently developing a video game for which we would be happy to discuss a revenue-share funding model for investments of up to 100,000 euros.
Since our founding in 2017 we have grown from an initial part-time team of 3 to a mostly full-time team of 8. We have consistent revenue growth of at least 50% that keeps true for 2020 and 2021 despite the pandemic. We have worked with 40 clients from 7 different countries, across Europe and the USA, and have completed approximately 50 projects. Additionally, we have been approved for a cash rebate of up to 60000 euros by EKOME for our upcoming game (www.typologies.gr/oi-nees-epidotiseis-apo-to-ekome/)
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
The rapid growth of the video games industry in the last decade is proof of how interaction is the key to making any subject or process more interesting. Passive experiences lead to a quick loss of interest and focus while active experiences, built around interaction, are gripping and memorable. By using a big and varying roster of cutting-edge interactive media technologies and video game design know-how we help corporations and institutions improve what is already there. Virtual reality, augmented reality, depth cameras, E.E.G., IoT, and more conventional interaction design philosophies like gamification are but a few of the tools we use to enhance existing processes, workflows, and products. We create toolkits and applications that can help professionals across a vast selection of industries turn their offerings into more engaging, entertaining experiences that can leave a lasting mark on their customers or employees and ultimately the world.