The Company aims to bring together R&D efforts with manufacturing capabilities for the design, development and production of novel enzymes and enzyme-based products and ingredients. EnzyCeuticals is planning to establish, through all regulatory requirements, a GMP pilot scale production unit for enzyme production. Extensive studies, by our group, have led to the discovery and characterization of novel enzymes with huge market potential.
The problem• The growing population leads to food scarcity and negatively impacts environment and quality of life • Climate change-related supply chain disruptions are putting increased pressure to industry for new and innovative sustainable production solutions. The challenge•A key challenge is ensuring that all human activities on the planet are sustainable to meet the growing demands of everyone. The solution • Biotechnology, can generate sustainable routes to chemicals and materials as alternatives to fossil-derived ingredients. •Enzyme biotechnology plays central role in this sustainability movement, providing “Green Chemistry” technologies that drive sustainable solutions in products and industrial processes. It is a key answer to sustainable movement and circular bio-economy era. Enzyceuticals products and core competence: The discovery and production of smart, tunable and robust enzymes as next generation pharmaceuticals, cosmeceuticals and nutraceuticals. Extensive studies, by our group, have led to the discovery and characterization of novel enzymes with huge market potential.For more information on our products, please visit our website: https://enzyceuticals.eu/
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
EnzyCeuticals is a biotech company founded in 2021 in Athens by a group of entrepreneurs and scientists as a spin-off from the Agricultural University of Athens. It is a research driven company that develops high quality innovative enzymes and enzymes-based products for the food, health and cosmetic industries. EnzyCeuticals brings together cross-disciplinary scientific expertise to develop novel solutions and products in the field of enzyme biotechnology. Continued R&D gives EnzyCeuticals the opportunity to exploit the natural biodiversity, synthetic biotechnology and protein engineering technologies to develop new and unique enzymes for a wide range of biotechnological and industrial applications. EnzyCeuticals also manufactures and sells a range of well-known recombinant and native enzymes.EnzyCeuticals Mission & Vision- Discover, manufacture or license innovative enzymes that are sustainable, safe and financially viable- Enzymes for all: catalyzing our customers’ success through sustainable enzymatic routes
• EnzyCeuticals was established in July 2021• November 2021 – 1st contract: Development of new botanic-based cosmeceuticals (Greek company) • January 2022 – 2nd contract: Optimized the purification of microalgae proteins as nutraceuticals (Croatian company) • March 2022- Enzyceuticals received a grant from the European Union Intellectual Property Office (EUIPO) and European Commission. The grant supports Enzyceuticals’ intellectual properties management and applications.• March 2022 – 3nd contract: Development of enzyme-based entrapment technology for use as cosmeceuticals (Chinese company, Zhejiang province) • July 2022 – 4rth contract: Development an enzyme-based method for the production antibiotics (Greek company) • August 2022 - The European Union Intellectual Property Office has granted our logo the exclusive rights as European Union Trade Mark (EUTM) in all current and future Member States of the European Union. The Trade Mark right has been granted for the following classes and services: 1, 3, 5, 42, according to the International Classification of Goods and Services (Nice Classification)
EnzyCeuticals combines strong R&D and manufacturing capabilities and aspires to foster the international strategic objectives of blue & green growth for creating high-performing novel biotech solutions that are both eco-friendly and sustainable. EnzyCeuticals has built up an innovative platform technology, iEζC (information-rich enzymes), based on proprietary methods for decreasing costs and increasing speed of enzyme discovery design projects. The iEζC platform technology exploits the power of omics technologies, bioinformatics & artificial intelligence, synthetic biotechnology and protein engineering to develop ingenious, controllable and robust enzymes.
EnzyCeuticals team combines decades of experience in enzyme biotechnology, molecular biology, engineering, with sound and innovative business practices and principles.For more information, please visit our website: https://enzyceuticals.eu/meet-the-team/ Our driving-force •EnzyCeuticals growth strategy aspires to foster the international strategic objectives of Blue & Green Growth and Circular Biotechnologyfor creating high-performing novel biotech products solutions that are both eco-friendly and sustainable.