EnzyQuest is a Greek biotechnology company that develops, produces & markets its own products. Amongst others, we have created a COVID-19 RT-qPCR kit using proprietary reagents. As is the case for all our products, this reduces the costs significantly without any compromise in quality. This allows for the marketing of a highly competitive product, both in the Greek market and abroad. Furthermore, we are open for contractual manufacturing agreements, under which we can expand our portfolio and furthermore secure our customers loyalty.Additionally, our size and lower operational costs allow us to be flexible, which is a key asset, both for the company itself (as proven by our pivot in developing and marketing a COVID-19 RT-qPCR kit) and for our customers who often require customized solutions. Finally, the fact that we are located in Greece allows us to collaborate with Greek innovation hubs (such as Universities & Institutes) in order to commercialize innovative products.
EnzyQuest has achieved the following since its formation:- 3 year duration commercial agreement between EnzyQuest and FORTH (October 2019).- Funding from UNI.FUND Venture Capital (GR) as a Lead Investor (€400K). - 70 products in our portfolio- Developed, manufactured and commercialized a SARS-CoV-2 RT-qPCR kit with our own proprietary reagents (December 2020)- Main participant in a Horizon 2020 program for the creation of a portable device for SARS-CoV-2 detection (RT-LAMP kit)- Participating in 2 more European Projects- ISO 13485:2016 certification as an IVD reagent manufacturer
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Our team consists of diversespecialists, each one passionate and experienced in his field of expertise. The combination of experienced people in key positions with younger, ambitious and energetic people is the perfect combination that creates an ambience of energetic optimism and fellowship.Three founding members have extensive experience in the market, both in Greece and abroad. Most of our researchers have a PhD and a very strong background in protein biotechnology. Finally, our bioinformatics team consists of experienced PhD researchers who have also worked both in academia and industry.EnzyQuest leadershippossess an extensive network of scientists, academic P.I.s and biotech industry leaders.All the aforementioned qualities allow us to produce high quality products but also innovate in the field of biotechnology.
EnzyQuest is a biotechnology company that is active in the design, development, manufacturing and distribution of molecular biology products for the development of in-vitro diagnostic devices, test for the molecular diagnosis of SARS-CoV-2 and molecular biology products for research use.
Protein expression, purification and engineering are the technologies/expertise that our unit will capitalize on. The above capabilities are our powerful tools to evaluate and develop new enzyme products in a cost/time effective manner. Greek Universities and research institutes perform high quality research studies. However there is no direct link to transform research outcomes and technology on Molecular Biology Enzymes from Greek Institutes to respective applications. EnzyQuest has the know-how to become the first Greek company on Molecular Biology Enzyme market with an active R&D that can convert existing and future research results to valuable products. Bioinformatics analysis and high throughput screening of extremophilic microorganisms will be our tools for the identification of high biotechnological value enzymatic activities. Current and future studies will be thoroughly reviewed for potential patent application.Finally, there are industries that can massively profit from biotechnology approaches such as agriculture and the food industry. EnzyQuest's experience and vast network can enter these fields and provide solutions with mutual benefits.
EnzyQuest's funding is sufficient for a steady growth, but:- we have already started expanding in more lucrative but well regulated areas (IVD market)- we are an ambitious company that has already located key market areas where we can expand with great potential for growth- we aim to constantly evolve our portfolio of products and our means of innovationIn order to realize our long term strategy we are in constant search for new & interesting collaboration and funding opportunities
Development/manufacturing of molecular biology products for IVD medical devices and for Research Use