We offer a digital users-friendly analytics platform powered by big data & A.I. that helps real estate professionals, investors, and relevant organizations to make better & smarter decisions based on real-time market data.Our Solution is based on three major factors:1. Automated property valuation: Using A.I.-based AVM (automated valuation model), we can estimate the selling and renting value of a property within seconds2. Real-time data visualization: Using our advanced data collection process and a state-of-art user experience. We provide a comprehensive analysis of Real Estate markets through dynamic dashboards and maps in real-time.3. A.I- Driven insights: By harnessing the power of data and a.i, we provide valuable insight into what drives properties value and help people identify possible opportunities
The founders, Dimitris and Vasilis, have worked together for the last 7 years on several projects.The most successful is a short-term rental management company which operates the last 4 years and has managed over 120 properties, achieving over €600000 in revenues. This venture gave them the experience, skills & network necessary for this new start-up.Vasilis Tsougkas, as the Chief Executive Officer, is accountable to create the vision and steer the company towards its goals safely in the most effective way.In addition to his skills in leadership, system design, team & strategic management; he studied Statistics & Insurance Science and has worked the last 7 years in Operation Performance.Dimitris Doukakaros, as the Chief Growth Officer, is responsible for the strategic business growth & communicating the vision. Besides his skills in communication, strategic planning, negotiations, and team building,he studied Marketing Management & has worked for 8 years in Business Development
Our cloud-based platform incorporates technological innovations that improve customer value in four major areas: better decision making, more efficient processes, optimal performance, and user experience. By using automations, big data and A.I we can achieve up to 100X faster investment & property evaluation, buyer/seller matching, and market analysis.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
We bootstrapped in January 2021. Currently we are gaining traction and planning to run a seed round in the next months
A.I.-enabled real estate analytics platform with enhanced digital-first user experience
Estate Brains is an A.I-Driven Data Analytic Solutions Platform that aims to help people make more thoughtful and better-informed decisions by transforming data into actionable & meaningful insights.Through our sophisticated algorithms using machine learning, spatial analysis, and computer vision, you can automate your property valuation process (AVM), monitor your property real estate portfolio in real-time, and gain access to new markets insights in a user-friendly environment.From transaction data and listings from real estate professionals to socioeconomics, we gather, organize, and analyze every form of traditional and non-traditional data that is even slightly linked to the residential real estate market.
February 2020 - First ConceptJune 2020 - First M.V.P(minimum viable product)which included a website, a lead generation system, and market insights for two citiesJanuary 2021 - Property, Market, and Investment Evaluation DashboardsMarch 2021: AVM tool based on A.IMay 2021: First functional user interfaceJune 2021: Access to early users for testingJanuary 2022: Launched 1st official version of our data analytics platformMarch 2022: Gain our 1st paying customers