Eummena’s Open EdTechVaaSis an experience-first solution, so despite the fact that technology is the vehicle for offering it, we put the emphasis on the human touch. Hence, we consider a major achievement the fact that we have built a strong multilingual team backed by well-documented processes and powerful tools. Our core team is based in Greece and we are succeeding in growing by attracting talent from all over the world. In terms of business goals, a milestone was when we succeeded in entering the Saudi and Emirati markets, two of the most high-potential of the MENA region. Another milestone was building partnerships with companies that offer open EdTech products, such as Moodle, Intelliboard, Turnitin, Smowl, BlindSideNetworks and more. Last, but not least, we are already experiencing organic growth with minimum direct marketing effort: the celebration of our customers on their successes with EdTech on social media gains us traction and leads beyond our direct reach.
Our team has been steadily growing for the past year and a half, although we have operated for the biggest part of this time inside the challenging environment of the pandemic. We have been onboarding more and more clients from Europe and the MENA region, especially from Saudi Arabia and the UAE, in both of which the competition is intense and although many established and bigger companies are offering solutions, we have been more than capable to compete with them. So far, our numbers show a 15% growth rate in terms of revenue per year. Our aim is to reach 25% in a 2-year span and our goal is to double our team in an horizon of 5 years. What could be perceived as a barrier for our growth, would be our ability to grow internally as a team to foster the exponential growth of our business. We leverage this by an investment in powerful tools including AI-driven chatbots and self-service support, well-documented procedures, targeted training, knowledge management, collaboration tools, and a moderated community of practitioners who exchange success stories and best practices. Another challenge is to streamline our Business Development processes to serve an increasing number of clients, arriving through different channels and market segments. We address this by productizing all our offerings, starting with the Success Plans and moving to the catalogue of value-added services, all available for purchase on an intuitive e-shop, integrated in our Service Desk.
Eummena has the typical structure of a startup where the roles and responsibilities can overlap with people covering more than one role. In our core, we have the technical force, led by our Chief Technologist Dr. Tasos Koutoumanos. The team consists of an agile DevOps team and a Service Desk team, with front-end and back-end developers, a UI/UX Expert, SysSecOos and Quality Assurance engineers. In sales, we have our Business Development Manager, Dr. Nikos Palavitsinis, who is serving as our interface with our clients and also serves as the Product Experience Manager, working closely with our clients to make sure we are delivering the value with the proper quality to them. Our business management and steering is led byDr. Jad Najjar, the Managing Director, who with the help of a small HR, accounting and marketing team, is also responsible for the overall success and the day to day operations of Eummena. While we enjoy working in our newly established offices in Piraeus' center, we are operating in a fully distributed mode, both in terms of client reach as well as for the way we work, making best use of tools for online teamwork, collaboration over version controlled code, agile roadmapping and issue tracking tools.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Eummena uses an innovative Value-as-a-Service model to offer a state-of-the-art EdTech Platform that allows 1-click delivery of both Service and Value for quality eLearning.Along with the platform, an omnichannel Service Desk and community engagement platform, driven by our trust on the human-factor, is positioning Eummena’s experts in an effective manner next to the key actors, empowering them in their digital transformation journey, while co-creating value for Customers and Eummena on the way! The EdTech Platform is Open by design, built with mature open source software, powerful APIs, open standards andprotocols. Eummena has partnered with major Open EdTech providers and cloud-computing providers to build a scalable and secure platform that targets the full spectrum of education, life-long learning and talent development. Customers can opt to start upfront with a rich Success Plan or buy-as-they-grow in terms of value perception and reception of EdTech.
We operate in the eLearning market, a very mature and saturated one. However, there’s still room for new products and services, as the market is heavily technology-driven and innovation-intensive. What makes Eummena stand out is our focus on the human factor. This originates from our founding principles and is backed by the scientific studies on the significance of empowering the key actors over providing more tools and services, hoping that they may disrupt the way people have been learning and teaching over the centuries. With our compass boltedon the human factor, we have built an innovative “Value-as-a-Service” (VaaS) model for offering our state-of-the-art EdTech Platform. What our Customers buy from Eummena is not the access to a scalable, intuitive platform for creating rich learning experiences and managing their educational processes. It’s a holistic experience of reaping benefits ofEdTech, being well-supported and coached all the way through, with omnipresent service channels, a community engagement platform and powerful knowledge sharing tools. Customers are paying only for the value they receive and Eummena is striving to maximize this value, in a meaningful and measurable way. Our main drivers of innovation being our Customers, they become our competitive advantage through a value co-creation loop: we reap every opportunity to hear from the field of play, to understand what works best for specific cases and pass this value to more similar cases and Customers.
We start from Greece and offer our services to the global market. Our EdTech Platform is available in many languages, allowing Eummena to serve our target markets in Europe, Middle East and Africa. EMEA is a significant part of the Global EdTech market that is expected to reach $404 billion by 2025, with a 16.3% annual growth rate. The main drivers of this significant demand are (i) the post Covid-19 response, led by large government investments that will change the means of instruction in schools, Universities and beyond; and (ii) the evolving landscape in corporate learning, where businesses are realizing the need for upskilling their personnel as a driver for cost efficiency and company growth. Our client pool ranges from K-12 to Higher Education institutes, governmental departments and agencies, military, life-long-learning and talent development for the corporate world, in sectors such as healthcare, telecom, energy, banking, food and accommodation, shipping, consultancy houses, and international agencies. Our main channel is marketing with targeted online campaigns and networking through social media, where success stories from our Customers gain track and highlight how they benefit from our VaaS model to co-create value on the EdTech platform. In effect, our key growth enabler is word-of-mouth towards organic growth, as we are already seeing how successful Customers in specific industries and countries lead to similar more knocking on our door.
Eummena provides an Open EdTech platform with an innovative Value as a Service model.