Christos Stefanatos, CEOPreviously worked for EuroEnergy SA a member of Libra Group, where he monitored Solar Plants of 81 MW in total capacity. At EV Loader he is managing the software development team deploying web, mobile apps and variable pricing algorithm.Vassilis Karavas, Strategy Lead Investment professional with long experience in developing and expanding new products internationally. Vassilis originates and actively participates in investments in the renewable energy and EV infrastructure sectors in the US and Greece. Currently he leads commercial strategy of Loader app and structures EV charging infrastructure projects in SE Europe.Alexios KaradimosCTOAlexios holds a MSc from Electrical and Computer Engineering at the University of Patras. He previously was involved in the development of a blockchain solution in Electronic Health Records by Corallia and Groupama in 2017. He is managing software development efforts and is delegating to the developers of web and mobile apps.
EV Loader launched during October 2020 in Greece. The app currently manages 40 charging stations in Attica, Greece and is generating revenue. Partnerships with EV station hardware distributors and distributors have been established. Pilot with charging stations of Heron SA, the largest private energy supplier in Greece initiated in Q1 2021 within I-NERGY project. The project has been funded by European Institute of Technology - Climate KIC.
Currently raising a €500k seed funding round. Fund will be used to expand charging stations under management to other SE Europe countries, such as Romania, Cyprus, Hungary, Serbia. Detailed pitch deck and business plan is available on written request.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
EV Loader is a cloud and mobile app solution featuring two modules:Module 1: Charging Station back-officeCharging Station Owners can list their stations in Loader app in order to increase the frequency of charges at their stations, offer a streamlined payment system for drivers and keep track of the transactions that occur in their charging station, through a web and a mobile app. The app also pushes availability and price data for charging stations of the network to open data repositories. These data are then accessible by other app operators, meaning that charging stations directly managed by Loader app can be visible and operational via other applications. This leads to additional revenue to both charging station owners and Loader app, through charging session initiated by third party apps (roaming). Module 2: Driver applicationUser of EVs can view and book multiple charging stations in different locations and businesses (hotels, parking businesses, retail shops) and benefit from variable pricing incentives by charging at time intervals with surplus of renewable energy capacity in the grid.
The volume of EV charging transactions is expected to surpass €1.5 bn by 2024 and we aim to capture a significant share of this market. There are no consolidated players in this market currently which presents opportunities for first movers that earn preference for EV drivers. EV Loader is based on Open Charge Point Protocol and is compatible with most of available charging stations in global market.EV drivers and station owners enjoy EV Loader features, that are not available from competitors. Such characteristics are 1) the use of blockchain technology for the data exchanges and control among the station, the EV driver, and the car itself, 2) integration of predictive models to forecast station occupancy and modify pricing accordingly and 3) the incentivization of EV drivers to charge their cars at times when there is a surplus of green energy capacity in the grid
EV Loader is a charging station management application that puts primary focus on grid flexibility. Via the introduction of variable pricing mechanism, the app encourages drivers (via lower cost) to charge their electric vehicles during time intervals of surplus renewable energy capacity or low demand in the energy grid. During stress intervals for the grid, charging will be discouraged through the pricing mechanisms.
Interoperable EV charging station management software with focus on smart charging incentives.