Human Performance is a critical field studied by the sports and pharmaceutical industries. While the needs of the global sports market grow, the available solutions lack clarity, validation, personalization and precision.The World of Sports has been popular for decades. Yet, the rise in popularity comes with the rise of challenges and adversity. Regarding the future, the sports industry is being already faced with the challenge of trying to predict the next trend, the next big idea that will capture the audience by creating a future of Personalized medicine, where Engineering solution defend causality od abnormalities in Human system.Coupling this challenge with that of technology, it is clear that several sports teams and venues will always be at odds. With muscle capability being known, overcoming personal boundaries becomes the principal problem for human performance.EVO HP introduces a “must-have” tool, based on Bio-Engineering principals, enriching decision-making and human performance for the individual’s mechanical ability. The company provides an optimal sports performance technology through the personalized performance capacity and injury prevention. It implements a complete data processing pipeline, combining the engineering and the medical domains and offers personalized actionable myoskeletical performance guidance. A new era of engineering and medicine collaboration begins, delivering an optimal solution for the human body.
We started as a concrete team of engineers experienced in computational fluid mechanics, finite element analysis and machine learning techniques, who shared the common belief that the human body is an ultimate machine and should be treated likewise. In this context, we developed the artemYs software; a personalized solution that helps maximizing human performance, based on structural analysis, material properties and nonlinear mathematical models.Today, we are a mixed and strongly cohesive team of engineers, comprising of valuable personalities with dignity and integrity. We share a common philosophy for strategies and prospects, a common value to monetize our novel product and build new products, and a strong differentiation from current solutions. These facts form our main goal “to exploit bio-engineering, as a next-day life science, to support and activate the full potential of the human structure”.Our vision is to become the No. 1 company of the world in the improvement of human body performance for the sports industry, with focusing on the sciences of Biomechanics and Artificial Intelligence.We outpoint competition by offering a personalized solution for athlete’s performance maximization, by leveraging historical data, day-to-day entries and scientific research. Moving beyond the conventional methods.
EVO Human Performance (from now on EVO HP) is a start-up company based in Greece and specialized in the improvement of human body performance for the global sports market, through the development of state-of-the-art technology products in Biomechanics, Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Computer Engineering.Our first - ready for the market - product, the SAAS (Software as a Service) named artemYs, currently awaiting an international patent, is a game change methodology and a novel human performance software, addressing the needs of high-intensity professional and amateur athletes. Based on the athlete-specific biomechanical analysis and modelling, this pioneer personalized medical-mechanical solution for the musculoskeletal system provides continuous data on the muscle tissue condition in which the athlete is and provides guidance for optimum performance.EVO HP develops and implements an optimal sports performance technology through the personalized performance capacity and injury prevention. So far, the existent approach tackles this issue via statistical methods, however our products are here to cover this gap through the Biomechanical approach, powered by Artificial Intelligence.It has developed a novel human performance software tool so as be used in the industry of professional and amateur sports. More specifically, the company focuses on the ones with intense physical demands.
Our mission is to help athletes at international level increase their performance and classification, through minimizing injury incidents and rehabilitation periods, thus securing the viability of sports clubs and improving the sports spectacle.Wearable devices are significant tools of the sports industry, supporting athletes to stick to daily routines and providing important information on various parameters they have been programmed to monitor. The integration of tools for better evaluation and analysis of this data, so as to improve the performance and handle overall personal fitness, has sustained the need for wearables. The improvement of tools, like the artemYs tool of EVO HP, is expected to maximize demand.EVO HP is a game changer. Our service is unique, in that it encapsulates personalized approach to each customer. Either full or surrogate model subsume historical data and day-to day entries that implement personalized performing, rehabilitation, and mechanical models. It is the very first product to enclose scientific research in pure engineering, while supporting qualitative and quantitative results by offering an eye inside a body type and realizing alarms for over or under use of areas. We are pending for a global patent and we are the first company to use web application for engineering proximity.
EVO Human Performance A Bioengineering company for optimal Human performance
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Currently we have contracts with OFI Crete F.C and CSKA Basketball team as our early adopters due to implement our new technological features and optimize our application to an end-to-end procedure, user friendly but also accurate and precise. We manage to integrate pilot case with Apollon FC and deliver results of high accuracy in projection interval +-5 days providing both topology of myoskeleletal failure and causality of the incident. In Business terms we already have a collaboration with angel investor Mr. Dionysios Chionis a mechanical engineer with Ph.D. in nuclear physicswho is our first angel investor and our first partner in the future technology we bring.Also Mr. Itoudis Dimitrios jointed our team and as a strategic partner brought insights for our product to become more friendly to use. Mr. Itoudis is a real visionary and his belief shall lead us to great opportunities. Last but not list Unifund offers us ticket of 250K for next period due to support marketing and sales plans.
We think of next period as 4 high importance quarters. During 1st quarter we will design our marketing and sales plans due to achieve 2-5 paying contacts in 2022. KPI 1 is the MVP 's iteration based on beta contracts of 2021 (OFI Crete F.C and PSAP).Second quarter is a period for implementation of our marketing and sales strategywith business traveling in top European sport clubs in soccer and basketball. Through our collaboration with CSKA Moscow we manage to reframe ARTEMYS properly for Basketball.KPI 2 isconstruction of a strong net working in soccer and Basketball combined with a strong branding for EVO Human Performance. During the same quarter, our application will upgrade to its cloud version. KPI 3 is the application deployment to the Cloud Infrastructure (AWS) due to be able to expand to every European sport club in soccer and Basketball.Third quarter refers to enrich our application with UX fine tuning features and integrate our application to FIFA and FIBA for ARTEMYS as an approved tool . KPI 4 is collaboration with national teams starting for Greece due to achieve collaboration with federations. Also, KPI 5 is construction of tracking devices as part of our services. We aim to raise 2M seed round.Main costs are salaries, administrative costs, quality systems, equipment and marketing-traveling for our scope to enhance our portfolio with top sport clubs.