Aether aeronautics is a pioneer in the field of aeronautical activity. The company products are the first generation of unmanned aerial systems which are taking advantage of new technologies, from their conception to their realization, such as 3D printing at the prototype construction procedure and machine learning for testing, analysis, evaluation for electronical systems and control.The fact that the company applies new technologies to its products leads to the fulfillment of innovative, high-tech and cost-effective systems capable to cover wide ranges of capabilities. Aether aeronautics has accomplished to reduce the complexity and increase the reliability in terms of manufacturing services and solutions. As a result of all the above, the company has leveled up and modernized the existing aerospace product’s performance capabilities and further to that the company has managed to gain a competitive position in the international market.
Aether Aeronautics is staffed with highly knowledgeable and experienced personnel that has been working for many years at the UAV and Aerial target sector. Our Technical Staff owns the following qualifications:Ex-members of successful relevant projects (UAV-ATD)Experienced in handling compositive materials, managing production line, operational proceduresHighly active in finding solutionsInventive minds and personalities Our facilities and departments have the capability to support all parts of our activity, from design up to complete flight tests. Our products are:Unmanned AerialSystems :Aerial Target Drones from basic performance up to high performanceUnmanned Aerial Vehicles Launchers:VLS ALFAVLS BRAVO
Aether Aeronautics has the capability to produce latest tech, state of the art products, at low cost. The company is active in the following sectors:• Research and design of light aircraft, unmanned aerial vehicles and flying targets.• Construction of light aircraft, unmanned aerial vehicles and flying targets.• Manned and unmanned flight tests.• Maintenance and repair services for manned and unmanned aircrafts.The creation of the company was based on the long experience of its executive members on the design and construction of unmanned aircrafts and flying targets. Aether Aeronautics is based in Chania, Crete, where all the activities (Public, Private), concerning flying targets in Greece take place since 1968.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Our funding needs focus on research and development of new products, the adoption of new technological methods with the aim of creating high quality services based on innovation.
Aether aeronautics team members have over than 30 years of working experiencein the industry.Aether aeronautics executive members have designed more than 15 different Target drone models and model families, covering all the gamma of perfomances from low speed to Transonic. Further to these the company’s current personnel aerospace have been previous members of aerospace companies such as 3 Sigma, Northrop, Velos i.e. Both the Chief executive officer, who is the visionary and responsible to make all the major decision for new projects, co-operations, activities, and the Production Manager whose role is to oversee the production process and coordinate all production activities and operations, as well as the technical stuff who undertake the fulfillment of the products/services by following their supervisor’s instruction, have played an active role in the completion of aerospace products/services.
Firstly, an extremely important milestone for the company is considered to be that it has already a signed contract with Government Body of a South America country. Moreover, Aether aeronautics has been accredited by ISO 9001:2015 AND ISO 14001:2015 certificates, which certifies that Aether aeronautics applies specific quality and environmental friendly procedures within all of its operational levels. Furthermore, the company’s products have been certified with the Safety Validation Certificate according to NATO Standards by NAMFI (Nato missile fire installation). Likewise, a significant credential is that Aether aeronautics has succefully finalized the procedure needed for the classification of its facilities and personnel for National Confidentiality/ NATO Secret/ EU Secret according to the National Directive of Industrial Security. In addition, the company has been included in national official lists (HELDIC, Hellenic Defense Industries Catalogue), as an approved supplier.