Exandia supports logistics companies worldwide through digital transformation.At Exandia, we work beside our customers to ensure they have a software solution that allows them to transform their IT infrastructure to keep up with the needs of their organization and their users. We utilize proprietary tools and software development procedures that enable us to lower costs and increase the quality of services to our client base.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Kostas Kalogirou (Chief Executive Officer) Co-Founder - CEO | BA (Hons) Graphic Design, UK | Senior executive | https://www.linkedin.com/in/kostas-kalogirouTheofilos Mylonas (Chief Technical Officer) Co-Founder | Dipl. Electrical Engineer, Master in Information Systems | Serial Entrepreneur with successful exit track record | www.linkedin.com/in/theofilosmilonas George Papazidis (Chief Marketing Officer) Co-founder - CMO | Dipl. Business Administration specialising in Computer Information Systems, Baruch College, New York | Master in Management from Polytechnic University, New York.| Sales & Marketing expertise in large companies in New York and Greece | www.linkedin.com/in/george Serafeim Seroglou (Chief Technical Officer) CTO | Dipl. Electrical Engineer, Master in Information Systems | www.linkedin.com/in/serafeim-sewroglou-6341a22Exandia already implemented growth strategy includes:International client base expansion - through Linkedin targeted campaigns, referral schemes, international B2B networking events participation (online/physical).Nurturing human-centred company culture - work-life balance, fully remote/hybrid work model along with challenging 4.0 projects, forming an attractive case for high-performing and talented team members.Brand awareness building - (national) greek tech scene participation & sponsorship in tech & educational events, mentoring in hackathons, etc.
Exandia adds value to products and services provided incorporating Industry 4.0 technologies such as Artificial Intelligence and Big Data. What differentiates Exandia from its competitors is the continuous investment by the company in the development of subject matter expertise, domain services, supported technologies and highly talented resources. The driving factors of success and expanding client base of Exandia are its long-term partnering model and client-focused engagement strategy. The company offers a unique value proposition that comprises of high quality resources, competitive pricing, innovative product features and creative thinking acumen.In 2019 the company registered a 100% conversion rate for logistics pilot projects, and clients that collaborated with Exandia realised the value of high-quality resources and deliverables at competitive prices offered by the company. In 2020 Exandia experienced exponential growth through its services in the logistics vertical across the American and European regions. In 2020 Exandia was nominated “Top 10 Logistics Tech Startups in Europe 2020” by US based Logistics Tech Outlook magazine.
€200.000 (early stage) for software enhancements and market expansion in Europe, USA, UAE.
Exandia provides a varied set of software development, cloud and IT services for its clients’ discrete business requirements.Logistics clients partner with Exandia to expand IT capabilities while reducing the cost of IT services for their company or their clients. Exandia develops software that offers comprehensive long-term IT services including: Fleet Management, Warehouse Management, Navigation and Tracking, Customer service, Transportation Management, Route Optimization, Barcode Scanning and Business Intelligence, utilising Cloud and Mobile technologies, and/or Software as a Service (SaaS). Additionally, through customer-driven software development services Exandia digitally transforms the organisations it associates with by partnering with industry leaders and specialising in the development of IT services for companies in the verticals of energy, education, real-estate, finance/crypto.
In less than 3 years of operation Exandia has expand to Europe and USA. Exandia was distinct with the nomination “Top 10 Logistics Tech Startup in Europe 2020”. 2018 - Company founded2018 - 1st contract/client in the USA2019 - Contracts in Europe (Switzerland, Sweden, Germany)2020 - Nominated “Top 10 Logistics Tech Startup in Europe 2020”2021 - ISO 9001:2015 certification2021 - 3 new contracts in USA, 3 new contracts in Europe2022 - 1 contract in UAE