An initial fund of 175.000 euros from an angel investor/partner, is required for the initial operations to kick start in the first year.A second fund of 400.000 euros from a venture capital will be required for the expansion of the operations in the second year.
ExperSolo has an innovative business model, as it is the first solo travel mobile app globally that offers users:• social sharing of their travel experiences • interaction with other users• personalized experiences• near-by features• safety, through “emergency notification button”• search for travel companion• engagement with locals• trip planning• online booking of selected activities • coupons redemption in an all-in-one mobile app! ExperSolo is a one-stop-shop for every solo traveler, covering their needs and desires in a click. Growth Potential:• Promoting brand awareness to targeted audience globally • Expanding ExperSolo’s partner network (businesses offering activities) throughout Greece & worldwide • Enriching the mobile app with extra state-of-the-art features (e.g. travel budget calculator, chat rooms among users, weather forecast, currency conversion, virtual trips)Scalability:• The mobile app can deal with thousands of users• The more users enter information the “smarter” the mobile app becomes, regarding personalized suggestions and targeted content• ExperSolo will target new markets and collaborate with an expanded network of partners (e.g. restaurants/bars, hotels, airlines)
According to recent global researches (2019-2021), solo travelers face a lot of challenges: 1.Fear of loneliness prevents them from planning their next trip2. Making new friends on a solo trip is considered to be one of the their top priorities 3. Lack of solo travel safety constitutes the number one fear for women4. Interaction with co-travelers or locals is considered “a must”5. They seek personalised experiences (e.g. food tours, music festivals) or activities“ExperSolo” is a cutting edge mobile app that offers solo travelers personalized experiences and social interaction with people worldwide.Users may:1. Search for travel companion visiting the same destination at the same time.2. Search for and connect with near-by users3. Feel safe by sending emergency notification to other users, when being in danger4. Engage with locals who can also act as hosts5. Obtain personalized experience on their trip, by having scheduled a plan of activities, tailored to their preferences 6. Discover local tradition and dive into foreign cultures7. Collect points and redeem coupons They can also:• Discover and book online experiential activities worldwide• Receive personalized travel recommendations • Find, connect & interact with other users sharing the same interests • Find, connect & interact with hosts of their selected destination• Navigate through business' and hosts’ profiles• Plan their travel • Add virtual pins on the places they have been to
ExperSolo Travel alone come back with friends! All-in-one mobile app for solo travelers
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
ExperSolo leverages AI technology and location filters to provide users with personalized travel recommendations and activities suggestions, based on their preferences. Moreover, it offers social interaction with other users sharing similar interests and locals who can also act as hosts. Furthermore, users may find during their trip near-by lookalike solo travellers, hosts or businesses in real time, or even the ideal travel companion with the aid of age, gender, location and interests filters.in an all-in-one mobile app! ExperSolo is a one-stop-shop for every solo traveler, covering their needs and desires in a click. ExperSolo Competitive Advantages: 1. Personalized experiential activities worldwide, based on individual interests2. Search for like-minded travel companion3. Search for near-by solo travelers in real time4. Engagement with local community and culture5. Trip planning 6. Online booking & Rewards system (coupons redemption)7. Enhanced identity verification system, regarding users’ profile authentication
Management team:Georgios Christodoulakis – Founder & Managing Director: with experience in hotel management, Giorgos came up with the idea of ExperSolo, as he envisioned a digital tool for solo travelers that could gather groundbreaking features all in-to-one mobile app.Georgios Christodoulakis has acquired BA Business Management (Honours) degree from University of Derby. Business areas covered:1. Marketing (Social and digital media)2. Logistics3. Accounting and Quantitative skills for Business4. Finance5. Business plan6. Business consultancy7. HRHe further expanded his expertise by acquiring Msc International Hospitality Management degree (University of Derby). Areas covered:1. Project Management2. Research methodology3. Operations Management4. Managing International Hospitality serviceGeorgios is a person that has a vision and a passion to create an application that is going to change travelling and social interactions for the better. He has the ability to adapt to change and co-operate with partners to ensure consistency and efficiency.