The state of the eLearning market globally continues to shift, grow, evolve. This is illustrated by increasing budget allocations for eLearning programs, the growing prevalence of eLearning in various geographic markets around the world, new trends in emerging technologies & tools that support eLearning & the swelling role of social learning as a top learning and development (L&D) priority. The global L&D industry is complicated, with many moving parts, disruptive technologies, and shifting priorities. CWC PRO platform disrupts the Global Online Cooking Class Market by delivering the 1st Ε- Learning platform of professional Culinary Studies in Greek gastronomy/cuisine. Demo classes techniques, recipes, virtual classrooms, healthy-being habits, on-line masterclasses, unique virtual events, Greek Agri-products, Greek Farming products, Greek product labels coming all in one platform ecosystem to global users & cooking community.
EXPERTISE IKE team has managed to self-fund so far, all CoGS & Operating expenses. We are currently a hardworking and innovative team of 5 professionals and in 2021-2025 we have plans to reach 15 people in terms of in-house working capital. EXPERTISE IKE is the owner of a unique 650 square meters business cooking laboratory center in Thessaloniki equipped with latest cooking machinery equipment and high-tech class educational equipment. CWC PRO platform will be launched in Greece & abroad in the 3rd quarter of 2021 with a diversified portfolio of certified courses and digital cooking material. A 7 Year scale up is structured aiming to make CWC PRO platform a global established one and a leader in E-Learning Global Online Cooking Class Market with more than 30.000 active end users and an active cooking networking ecosystem of more than 40.000 professionals.
A disruptive e-learning onlineplatform in Professional Culinary Studies for global remote users
Our CWC PRO platform will be delivered globally to all our end users via https://online.cooking-workshop.com/en/ Competitive advantage is our team expertise combined with our disruptive offer of spreading Greek gastronomy, Greek recipes, Healthy-being, Greek Agri-products / raw materials / food additives, Greek food products to all live cooking global community, both of personal and professional interest. ScalabilityExpertise IKE has organized so far more than 320 certified cooking masterclasses and has an active network ecosystem of more than 15.000 experts in the cooking industry. Our scale up plan for 2021 is to establish our platform in the Greek market and prepare the team for our launching in the US market in 2024. A detailed financial dashboard with 7-Year financial analysis has been structured and our goal at the end of 2022 is to first to expand our end user’s database (greater than 5.000), second grow our cooking active network ecosystem (greater than 20.000) and third manage to establish CWC PRO platform Greek gastronomy brand in Greece and abroad.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Inhouse team:  George Longo (CEO - Founder) Elias Longo (Commercial Director) Foteini Kaniaka (PR Director – Founder)Theodora Kalogerakou PHD (Educational director &Head of Nutrition & Well-being department)Antonis Angelopoulos (Chef Instructor) Chefs team: Panagiotis Delithanasis (Head Chef Instructor) Ioannis Giaxos (Pastry Chef Ιnstructor) Joakim Prat (Pastry Chef Ιnstructor) Phillipos Bantis (Pastry Chef Ιnstructor) George Christodoulopoulos (Chef Ιnstructor)
we will need funding to develope the content of the platform
Our solution delivers substantial and targeted professional training in Culinary Arts-Greek Cuisine via: Demo classes , Live cooking courses and seminars with top chefs, live cooking sessions, e-recipes guidance tools, Food cost pricing tool, healthy-being metrics, nutrition scoring tools, interactive ‘’on the job’’ training tips between top chefs and end users, Personalized instructor support and grading and finally Certificate of Completion upon graduating. CWC PRO platform is a multilingual web app with CNS & responsive web design. Structured in an PHP open code with Asynchronous, JavaScript Ajax & jQuery technology.