“We believe people deserve better. Fairlo is on a mission to level the playing field and outsmart the predatory credit market"Fairlo’s groundbreaking financial servicesBASED ON- value-driven organization focusing on fair terms and interest rates- a proprietary core banking system built from scratch- digital-only business modelLEADING TO - loyal customers with an exceptional lifetime value- unprecedented automation and scalability- high profitability thanks to zero manual administration We created a core banking system that enables rapid and cost-efficient growth never before seen in the financial industry.That’s how we maintain the market’s best underlying profit ratio, and in turn, best-in-class terms and user experiences. A seamless overdraft for cash flow needsAn automated, data-driven growth strategyA one-click solution for loan collection
We envision a fair world when it comes to money.We all want to make great choices in life: even if they come with a bit of jitter and a lot of courage. The positive feeling of taking control of your life should be in balance with your daily spending and any unexpected expenses. To have a financial partner that supports the decision to start working as a freelancer, taking up studies or make a dream come true could be the game-changer of making such a choice.We started Fairlo with the purpose to change the structure of power in the financial market. We know that more and more people choose to live their life on their own terms. But the drawbacks are clear - the lending terms for this group is very unfavourable compared to a person with a steady income. The market is unfair and we realized that we need to give this bold group of people a better deal.Today Fairlo is a financial service with the purpose to create fairness in the financial structure. We aim to be a partner through our customers’ different life phases with its shifting expenses and various financial needs.We are backed by amazing investors and co-workers who all support our vision of a world where people can make great life choices and still be able to form and adapt their financial services to their current life situation.Jimmy & Shamon Hanna Founders
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
1 Feb 2020Customers 2.700Portfolio 15M SEK Ann. Turnover 2,2M SEK CLV/CoCA 51 Feb 2021Customers 14.300Portfolio 225M SEK Ann. Turnover 28M SEK CLV/CoCA 10 Feb 2022Customers 34.000Portfolio 750M SEK Ann. Turnover 100M SEK CLV/CoCA12
Fairlo is currently seeking working capital to be used in new markets expansion.
With Fairlo Everyday you have the power to set, form and adapt the credit to your life.
“Our proprietary scoring system is one of the drivers behind our strong profitability. "USP: Fair, fast and easy loans with clarity on the termsBASED ON- value-driven organization focusing on fair terms and interest rates- a proprietary core banking system built from scratch- digital-only business modelLEADING TO - loyal customers with an exceptional lifetime value- unprecedented automation and scalability- high profitability thanks to zero manual administration We created a core banking system that enables rapid and cost-efficient growth never before seen in the financial industry.That’s how we maintain the market’s best underlying profit ratio, and in turn, best-in-class terms and user experiences. Competitors still have- short term business models and culture- built-in operational costs related to manual onboarding and maintenance- traditional core systems behind the fintech facadeResulting in- weak customer relationships with high churn and low lifetime value- exploitative and unfair terms with high interest rates and fees- poor scalability and non-user-friendly services that are expensive to adapt
Jimmy HannaCo-founder & CEOSerial entrepreneur with proven track record from fintechEmil WallinderCo-founder & CTOSolid experience of building complex systems and architectures. Heading our Greek software development team based in HeraklionRickard BlombergHead of CreditBuilt successful credit departments at several renowned banks