- The development of a proprietary software to enable gaming operators with skill game content commenced in late 2012. - Due to the offering’s novelty, a proof-of concept operation was launched in the UK under the ‘Bet4theBest’ brand, fully licensed by the Malta Gaming Authority and UK Gambling Commission running between 2015-2017. - Initial contracts were signed in 2017 for the provision of a white-label offering, at which point the company pivoted to an exclusive B2B operation, providing Software-as-a-Service. The pivot included corporate restructuring with the Company based in the UK and the establishment of a branch in Greece to provide software development and support services. - Based on market feedback, a performance odds offering was conceived with its development commencing within 2018.- Live with OPAP both online and through retail stores since September 2019.- Commercial launch with Hollywoodbets and commencement of repeatable revenues in June 2020.- Distribution agreement with Scientific Games with commercial agreement for first end-client reached.
Fantasy Sports Interactive is looking to raise capital to support its business development, operational costs and international expansion.
Core TeamDennis Tsalikis (CEO, Founder): https://www.linkedin.com/in/dennis-tsalikis-b2197855/ Bill Mexias (COO, Founder): https://www.linkedin.com/in/bill-mexias-7a76a64/ Vasilis Neiadas (President of BoD, Non-Exec): https://www.linkedin.com/in/vasileios-neiadas-9878a544/ Advisory TeamIossif Kiouroukoglou: https://www.linkedin.com/in/iossif-kiouroukoglou-2668903/ Stefanos Theodoridis: https://www.linkedin.com/in/stephanos-theodorides-77965b41/ Dimitrios Stratikopoulos: https://www.linkedin.com/in/dimitrios-stratikopoulos-7b21688/
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
FSI has developed an odds-based offering, centred around the overall real-life performance of individual athletes and projections of their future performance. Performance is measured in fantasy points as a familiar and truthful proxy. Projections are generated on an individual athlete level and are based on an algorithmic methodology that combines both athletes’ stats and off-pitch parameters.Projecting the performance for each athlete allows us to offer odds both for team-level and individual athlete-level markets, with the former resembling more to traditional fantasy sports (including team creation) and the latter resembling more traditional sportsbook (like under/over markets).Team-level markets are provided as a hosted software solution to facilitate and support fantasy team formation and detailed statistics.Athlete-level markets are provided as a direct data feed so that they become available within existing sport events, combinable in sportsbook accumulator bets.
Provision of fantasy sports software and athlete’s performance-based odds feeds to gaming operators.
Our offering enables gaming providers to engage their customers through skill-based offerings in a complimentary format to their existing portfolio. A skill-based offering can attract a new audience, increase overall turnover and provide clients a gamified experience. The popularity of skill-games has massively increased the last few years to younger audiences and exponential use of statistics is being made in betting decision-making. Our offering revolutionises traditional Daily Fantasy Sports with faster gameplay settlement, increased replay value, provision of fantasy sports in a retail-shop environment and the option to offer parlay bets, typical in traditional sportsbook with the appeal of potentially higher returns. Furthermore, it supports operators looking to penetrate the newly regulated US market by angling their offering to be in-line with US users’ mindset, without directly competing against established brands, thus making this a strategic tool for customer acquisition and cross-selling.
FSI has an innovative product portfolio within the gaming market, including a unique athletes’ performance odds-based offering which sets the company apart from its competition, supported by proprietary software platform and performance projection algorithms. This solution:- Enables operators to offer new types of betting considerations, wherein players can wager through traditional sportsbook offerings, providing established operators with new revenue generation opportunities through existing channels.- Provides access to Performance and of fantasy sports themed verticals through retail betting shops, thus providing operators with a customer acquisition tool that can be geared up to engage the millennial generation thus addressing an ongoing consideration for such organisations.- Supports operators looking to penetrate the US market by angling their offering to be in-line with US users’ mindset, without directly competing against established brands.- Revolutionises traditional Daily Fantasy Sports offerings with faster gameplay settlement, increased replay value, as well as the option to offer parlay bets. - Allows delivery through dedicated performance odds feeds, thus minimizing the integration effort for operators and resulting to faster time-to-market.- Offers flexibility in the customisation of game types due to the plethora of ways in which odds can be combined for new types of markets, resulting in a product that can be catered to suit any regulatory framework