Ferryscanner is an online search engine that helps people book ferry tickets easily and quickly!
Ferryscanner is a B2C online search and booking platform for ferry tickets. Our customers can book ferry tickets for approx. 70 ferry companies to more than 300 destinations in 25 countries via our website www.ferryscanner.com. Apart from scheduled/published routes which we are already offering successfully since 2018. We are going to launch "Virtual combinations" within the summer of 2021. Virtual combinations are very important for countries like Greece, Italy or South East Asia which have many islands/destinations that are not interconnected with each other. Our proprietary booking engine will combine the routes of different ferry companies and allows customers to book routes which were previously not available. An example would be a customer who wants to travel from Paros to Milos but there is no ferry company which operates this route. Our machine learning algorithm will propose all possible combinations with one or more stops on other islands to the customer.E.g. from Paros to Naxos with Blue Star Ferries and from Naxos to Milos with Sea Jets.
The ferry market is a huge untapped market with very little competition. Since we are selling a service (ferry tickets) and most ferry companies offer electronic tickets we don't have any logistical obstacles in terms of scalability. From a regulatory perspective we don't need any subsidiaries or local licenses we can operate and sell ferry tickets globally via our Greek entity. We are a team with a lot of experience in scaling B2C online travel companies. Our goal is to reach 150 million euro GMV by 2026 which is approximately 1% of the global ferry market.
2018:- launch of our website late summer of 2018- offered ferry routes only in Greece2019:- first full season (10 million euro GMV)- over 100.000 bookings- Integrated 10 more ferry companies- Offered ferry routes in Greece, Turkey, Italy, Albania and Spain2020:- despite VOVID-19 we managed to grow our sales by 10% even though the total ferry sales in the Mediterranean (our main region right now) dropped by 50%.- We launched our meta search solution for smaller ferry companies in 2020 this allowed us to offer a lot more routes to our customers.- We integrated 10 new ferry companies2021:- We expect to grow our GMV by 100% to 20million euro- We are adding 30 new ferry companies- We are adding more than 100 new destinations in France, UK, Sweden, Croatia, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, Germany, Ireland, Latvia, Morocco, Norway, Tunisia and the United Kingdom
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Ferryscanner is a leading online search engine that helps people book ferry tickets easily, quickly, and safely. Using Ferryscanner you can find all possible routes to the Greek islands as well as many other exciting destinations abroad. On our website you can find ferry tickets to more than 300 destinations. Ferryscanner started in 2018 with the aggregation of the Greek ferry companies. In 2019 and 2020 we expanded our product offering by directly integrating other ferry companies and local reservation systems to 23 more countries. We currently cooperate with approximately 70 ferry companies and offer ferry connections to 300 destinations, 175 of them are outside of Greece.
We are an experienced team of 15 travel professionals with more than 100 years of combined experience in the online travel space. We have experience with scaling travel startups since we managed to grow the previous companies we worked at to more than 1 billion euro GMV annually. - Thanasis Arvanitis Head of Technology (Tripsta and Airtickets previously)- Panagiotis Kerasiotis Head of Growth (Tripsta and Airtickets previously)- Claire Potak Head of Marketing (Blueground Previously)- Philipp Brinkmann Head of Product (Tripsta and Airtickets previously)- Alvertos Iskinatzis Customer Success Manager (Tripsta and Airtickets previously)
We are currently not actively looking for funding since the company is generating sufficient cashflows to fund its growth. We are however always open to speak to interested investors both financial and strategic to explore common opportunities.