Fertil.ai CEO, Dimitrios Dovas is an Obstetrician-Gynaecologist and an Infertility Specialist. He is the Clinical Director in one of the largest IVF clinics in Europe and is also a member of the European Society of Human Reproduction and Embryology and the American Society of Reproductive Medicine. Moreover, Apostolos Mavridis (CTO) and Stergios Tegos (CPO) are senior software engineers and possess a PhD in Computer Science. Apostolos is a software architect, specializing in gamification and web development, while Stergios is an AI specialist, having extensive experience in UX & product planning. [1] Dimitrios Dovas, CEO, Obstetrician-Gynaecologist & Infertility Specialist[2] Stergios Tegos, CPO, Senior Software Engineer[3] Apostolos Mavridis, CTO, Senior Software Engineer[4] Konstantinos Manousaridis, COO, Data Engineer[5] Chrysa Karakosta, Senior Embryologist[6] Afroditi Zisopoulou, Senior Embryologist[7] Thanasis Pantelis, Obstetrician-Gynaecologist & Infertility Specialist
There is no need for external funding at the moment.
As the world becomes increasingly reliant on AI, it is not surprising that fertility clinics have embraced the AI age with enthusiasm. It is anticipated that AI-powered solutions will help infertility specialists and embryologists become more objective, more accurate, and more rapid, resulting in greater precision, standardization, and automatization in the field of IVF. Some emerging applications of AI technologies that have proven to be really useful focus on the ability to identify and select the ‘‘best’’ embryo for transfer. Given that the main barrier to achieving mass adoption seems to be the increased cost introduced by requiring additional lab hardware and the inability to customize such tools based on the individual needs and performance of each IVF clinic, this is where Fertilai comes into play, offering a customizable AutoML platform that can be configured and used by any IVF unit.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Fertilai is the first AutoML platform built for IVF specialists and patients. The unique characteristics of Fertilai enable the creation of high-quality custom machine learning models without spending lots of resources. Moreover, Fertilai adopts a privacy-by-design approach that focuses on proactively embedding privacy into the architecture of all system components.The system usage involves the following three steps: (A) Train: feed data, such as a set of photos or videos, in order to train a new machine learning (ML) model.(B) Fine-tune: configure a few ML model parameters, based on the unique characteristics of each clinic/specialist, in order to boost its performance.(C) Predict: deploy the created ML model in order to receive real-time predictions.Fertil.ai IVF products include web and mobile apps that are able to analyse and rank embryos based on their pregnancy chances, select donors based on their facial similarity, or even assess endometrial receptivity before transfer.The first phase of clinical trials has already been completed. A blinded clinical trial, conducted in one of the leading IVF clinics in Europe, has demonstrated that Fertilai AutoML solution can be both effective and efficient. A series of user-configured ML models have achieved an accuracy that exceeded 90%.
- Utilizing thousands of photos of human embryos, Fertilai has successfully trained its initial ML model that accurately predicts embryos potential of achieving pregnancy with an accuracy that exceeds 90%- Fertilai has created a proprietary AutoML engine that allows ML models to be configured automatically based on the unique characteristics, hardware, and historical data of each clinic- Fertilai has successfully built its MVP; a web-based computer vision platform that assists embryologists in their daily embryo selection process- Fertilai was awarded in the NextStage 2021 startup competition - Fertilai has successfully completed its first clinical trial, which took place in a real world environment and included junior and senior embryologists from an IVF unit. The study aimed to compare the accuracy of the Fertilai system with the “typical” selection accuracy of human embryologists, as captured in a lab workflow. The results are promising and are expected to be published.
We are in the era of precision medicine and AI solutions are expected to dominate the health sector. This is particularly relevant to highly sophisticated techniques, such as IVF. Fertilai aims to leverage the power of machine learning in order to fight infertility and improve womens' health all around the globe. Fertilai vision emphasizes the democratization of AI for IVF specialists & patients. More specifically, it empowers fertility specialists to generate machine learning models in a guardrail-safe manner that embeds standard data science best practices. For the first time ever, there is no need for clinics to depend on external partners & data scientists for creating ML models and solutions.