Fieldscale SENSE has been developed to automate the most difficult part of the simulation process and eliminate the three major setbacks currently present in other simulation tools: High-level expertise required, long hours needed to set up a new model, and long waiting periods for results. Fieldscale SENSE's simplified environment allows the users to set and run hundreds of tests and decide over which design is better and more efficient in a fraction of the time they do it today.
The world is moving to smart devices. The two main interfaces people will interact with in the future will be voice and touch. We focus on the second one. Devices like home appliances or white goods will be all equipped with a touch interface. SENSE will help product development teams to reduce time to market, lower their production and design costs, and to simplify the value chain by providing a tool that vendors from every stage of the industry vertical can promptly use. SENSE combines the most intuitive user-environment with a sophisticated mathematical computational engine implementing the most advanced and concrete algorithms. The results are automatically translated into the “language” the engineers use every day. SENSE effectively eliminates the need for an expert and increased computing power, by offering a solution with zero learning curve and native cloud integration.
Fieldscale is the company behind SENSE, a capacitive touch sensor cloud simulation software.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
As a global company, Fieldscale customers expand to Europe, the USA, and Asia. Fieldscale has won the 2nd place award at the 7th Innovation & Technology Competition, organized by the National Bank of Greece (NBG) in 2017 while it has received a Seal of Excellence by the European Commission for its Horizon 2020 SME Instrument Phase 2 project proposal.
Our team consists of many young and bright minds including Ph.D. and MSc engineers, and professionals with years of experience. The idea of SENSE started by Yiorgos and George, the two co-founders of Fieldscale who met each other at the local university.Yiorgos has co-founded two other startups (Quontest & Edasys) and worked in various positions both in research and in software engineering, and developed several software tools as a Freelancer. He is the principal inventor of one patent; has published over 20 papers and 4 books.George has co-founded another startup (Edasys) and has worked as a researcher and teaching assistant at the Aristotle University of Thessaloniki and as a laboratory assistant at Alexander Technological Educational Institute of Thessaloniki. He won 4 different scholarships of excellence and published over 10 scientific papers. He is too an inventor of an EU and US patent.
Fieldscale is seeking to close its next investment round of Euros 3Min 2022.
Fieldscale is the company behind SENSE. Sense offers state-of-the-art capacitive touch sensor cloud simulation software, for electric design and analysis, built from ground-up to support the constantly growing demands of engineers for accuracy and efficiency.Our goal is to offer to all capacitive-touch design engineers a complete software solution supporting them end-to-end, from the early design up to the tuning of the final system.