Our products are eco-friendly and manufactured with a "Value for Money" philosophy, having high quality, functionality, ready-to-be used in a variety of applications. Our materials and their properties are assessed by certified laboratories in academia in Greece and abroad. Company’s key expertise in R&D of 2D materials ensures the continuous improvement of the products and services. Henanotec is cooperating with a wide network of partners, such as Universities, Research Centers and companies and seeks to expand its collaborations into the worldwide market. Our collaborators have many years of experience in the field of advanced nanomaterials technology and are continuously monitoring new technologies.
The innovative aspects of our method and products are: 1) Eco-friendly2) Scalability3) High quality crystals4) Fast growth and low energy consumption5) Facile transferring to target substrates6) Growth on Si wafers for integration in the conventional Si-based opto- and micro-electronic devices7) Fabrication of homogeneously distributed single layer crystals or continuous film with variable thickness
Henanotec developes high quality 2D materials (graphene, TMDCs) using eco-friendly methods.
Henanotec is continuously developing the growth protocols, and actively participates in scientific or commercial fora for promoting its technology. Our products have been purchased and assessed by a number of companies. Our high quality samples can be used in a variety of applications such us: 1) very sensitive sensors for detecting DNA, gases, pH, atmospheric pressure, mechanical stress, environmental pollution, 2) flexible screens, communication antennas, high efficiency and speed new generation optoelectronic devices, 3) smartphones, smartwatches, other smart devices producing a smart network of devices (IoT), and 4) solar cells, batteries, capacitors, hydrogen storage devices, fuel cells.
Henanotec offers a wide variety of solutions in the field of Nanotechnology. Our main field is the growth of high quality two-dimensional materials, such as graphene and transition metal dichalcogenides (TMDCs) and their vertical and lateral heterostructures, using environmentally friendly techniques. We have also developed suitable techniques for transferring the produced membranes to desired substrates for a variety of applications.Among other activities, we offer services at all stages of scientific or technological projects such as consulting, design, implementation and development.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
To dynamically enter the market, funding for covering the costs of equipment for the production of large scale (>4 inch) nanomaterials, as well as for material assessment and characterization is necessary.
Large scale and high crystal quality of two-dimensional (2D) TMDCs are key aspects for their commercialization. Most popular growth processes of 2D TMDCs involve harmful precursors such as Molybdenum and Tungsten oxides substances. In addition, the as-grown materials are transferred onto the desired substrate using environmentally unfriendly chemicals. To solve this problem, we have developed a growth method to produce high quality 2D TMDCs at a large scale (> 5 Square Centimeter) in a Chemical Vapor Deposition (CVD) system, using eco-friendly precursors. A great advantage of our product is its easy and convenient way of transferring using only distilled water.Company prospects are promising due to the limited number of producers worldwide, the company’s key expertise in R&D of 2D materials and the 2020–2022 global chip shortage.