Finclude develops a unique pan-European credit scoring system that allows businesses to assess consumers in a universal way based on their transactional behaviorbehaviour, regardless if they have a credit history or not.Finclude is a licensed Account Information Service Provider (AISP) by the Central Bank of Ireland. This license enables Finclude to get read access to consumers' cards and bank accounts transactions. Finclude is free to operate in 26 markets across the EU, EEA and the UK. All services are fully compliant with GDPR.
Yiannis Giokas (CEO) is a serial tech entrepreneur with years of experience in cybersecurity, data science and telecoms. His previous cybersecurity startup Crypteia Networks was acquired by PCCW Global in 2014 and he served as Head of PCCW Global’s R&D. Prior to that he served in executive positions in system integration and banking sectors within the ICT domain. Ioanna Stanegloudi (CRO) is a seasoned credit risk professional with 19 years of experience in the banking & management consulting industry. She has served in positions related to credit risk assessment, management and mitigation. She possesses significant experience within the fields of financial business modeling and corporate finance. We focus on the CEE region, 12 countries with a total adult population of 70 million, out of which 45% utilize online channels to interact with their banks. This creates an addressable market of more than 31 million consumers for online based credit products. Out of these consumers only 28% possess a credit card and less than 10% make use of a personal loan. This situation creates a €500 million, per year, opportunity for our B2B SaaS offering.● B2B SaaS model, charging either on a per API call basis or based on active end-users.● Average deal size starts at €100K ARR and grows to over €1 million ARR, as businesses expand the channeled pool of existing customers & applicants to our offerings.● We are utilizing channel partners to expand our footprint & reach across Europe.
In the US there are 3 major credit bureaus that offer uniform credit scoring services for all American citizens. Europe lacks such a universal credit score. This has left 58 million people without access to any credit facility. Businesses and credit providers rely on data silos, and that prevents them from addressing the whole market.Finclude solves this problem by assessing consumers using machine learning models. It connects credit providers to consumers, by embedding our technology via APIs to existing IT & credit systems, increasing user engagement, increasing topline, upgrading underwriting, and fostering personalized service offerings.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
➢ Signed clients in Greece, Cyprus and Malta➢ 12+ customers in pipeline, currently in POC/price negotiations stage➢ Raised €1,000,000 pre-seed and awarded €800,000+ in research grants & prizes➢ Strategic partnerships with MasterCard and IBM for large clients’ acquisition➢ Recognized by AnitaB.org, NYC Fintech Women, M12, EQT & SVB for our female leadership➢ Recognized by the UN, Village Capital, PayPal & MetLife Foundation for our impact in accordance with the UN's SDGs for economic empowerment & financial inclusion
Finclude enables creditors & lenders to get a holistic view of a consumer requesting services from them. We verify financial information as well as assess the consumer's creditworthiness & affordability using Machine Learning & Adaptive Learning models. Our models work on real time actual banking transactions. Our offering is embedded via APIs to a business’s existing apps/processes, increasing user engagement digitally and accelerating the efforts to grow topline and to better underwrite & price post-paid services.
➢ Build our sales & marketing team to expand from 3 countries to 12➢ Double our engineering team to cover more than 12 countries and 200 banks➢ Strengthen our data science team to create the best & only pan-European transaction categorization engine