FInloup leverages Open Banking to assess consumers with up-to-date information. This allows us to scale into markets similar to Greece. Currently, in the EU, only 2 "buy now, pay later" startups have utilized Open Banking in consumer assessment.We never charge consumers with compound interest and hidden fees; we never profit from consumer debt mismanagement.
We empower consumers to pay via deferred payments rather than paying for a product up front. This increases their purchasing power and gives them more control and flexibility. Our product is delivered as an alternative way of payment that sits on an e-shop's checkout page or an in-store merchant dashboard.The product is based on our proprietary credit risk assessment that uses Open Banking as well as seller-specific data.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Finloup facilitates consumer purchases via no-interest deferred payments powered by Open Banking.3.5M adult Greeks can't cover emergency costs of €900 within 30 days (World Bank Group). In Europe, this number climbs to >70M.At the same time, credit card adoption (especially in younger generations) is decelerating rapidly and, in fact, constitute only 9% of the payments value in Greece in 2020.Our solution allows consumers to pay for purchases in deferred payments without interest, hidden fees nor penalties and the need for a credit card. In turn, merchants promote and sell their products, optimize their customer acquisition strategies, and drive incremental sales more efficiently.
Raised our pre-seed roundClosed our first customerClosed large partnerships2 full-time employees>50K Open Banking transactions analysed
In terms of hard cash, we seek equity investments of over €500K.
Antonis Prentzas, Co-Founder & CEO: ex-strategy consultant with Accenture, specializing in Financial Services. Former Product Owner of Open Banking from day 0 at Eurobank. Also, ex-Project Manager with ATCOM for the company’s largest account, Aegean Airlines.Marios Noutsos, Co-Founder & COO: ex-investment associate with Zoia private equity real estate, managing a portfolio of over €100M. Also, ex-consultant with OCTANE Management Consultants, establishing the firm’s non-performing loans practice.Kyriakos Georgiou, Chief Data Scientist: ex-consultant with Deloitte, building credit risk models for lenders in Greece and their subsidiaries abroad. Currently, a 3rd year PhD candidate at AUEB with a thesis on novel practices to measure credit risk.Stelios Gasparinatos, Chief Information Officer: ex-information security officer with CyberNoesis for financial institutions, including banks and insurers. Also, over 8 years of DevOps experience for critical infrastructures.We are a complementary team of experienced individuals in all aspects of the lending and technology lifecycles.