Providing personalised delicious, healthy ready-to-eat meals on a weekly/monthly subscription basis.
In 2020 we partnered with a local catering company that executed our recipes, following our precise instructions. Moving to our facility at the end of November 2020, was the turning point in our company’s progress, which allowed us to offer a larger menu and increase the quality of our service by developing our own software. Our second milestone was reaching a point in production where we had to expand our kitchen space to meet our demands. Our production rate has kept growing: 10K meals per month (MPM) in April 2021, 16K MPM in September 2021, and 22K MPM in May 2022.In 2022, we became the first Greek company in the food sector with a recurring payment service. To sum up, in 2020 we had Revenue of €70K and now we are on track for €1,5MM in 2022 (only in Athens). We estimate to double our revenue next year in Greece alone. We are already in talks with local partners in Cyprus, Mexico City, Holland, and Jordan. We expect to open at least 3 new markets in 2023.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Our company was born when 2 high school friends, Yiannis Grafanakis and Nikos Margelos, decided to create a solution to their own problem - that of always not having enough time to cook and eat healthy food. They started out with a simple idea: to make healthy food more accessible, convenient, and affordable for everyone.Almost two years later, we have created a vibrant community and a high-performance team with people who aim to grow, learn, and maximize their skills, talents, and results. Our current team structure:- Kitchen Staff- Head of Logistics- Delivery Staff- Head of Marketing- Head of Sales- Operations of Manager- Customer Support
Fitness Meals transforms the lives of people through the convenience of ready-cooked healthy meals. It is a personalized meal delivery service on a subscription or a la carte basis, where customers are relieved from the anxiety of meal preparation and are provided with food that contains all the essential micronutrients a body needs to thrive.We're on a mission to encourage healthy eating and educate people on healthy lifestyle behaviors, prove that healthy eating can be easy and pleasant as well as deliver happiness to busy people
With a vibrant company culture and a high-performance team, we deployed a new plan to improve the industry of prepared-meal delivery services by creating a unique automated service. With a growth-oriented, digital mindset we focused on developing our custom-made cloud-based system intelligence platform. Tools like ML and AI have become the means to transform our business by automating complex work that relies on knowledge and input from people. Likewise, we will use real-time data processed by internally developed AI algorithms to deliver tailor-made data insights and predictions about food preferences. Currently, our surface-level customer data helps us establish predictive targeting and customer-focused marketing strategies and improve customers’ eating experience by refining existing and creating new recipes that target different customer segments. We started small and we are now working our way up the CX techniques pyramid, hence we are working on implementing advanced AI and algorithms in the new website and mobile app that we are developing for a better UI/UX/CX (user interface/user experience/customer experience). These AI and algorithms will also create messages, promotions, and advertisements that are user based, leading to improved conversion rates and an improved customer experience.
We developed a product that helps customers to easily establish healthy eating habits. - a ready-to-eat personalized meal delivery service. The future is to turn this into a tech-focused, hyper-personalized meal experience, where plans are being modified to suit one's needs, nutritional preferences, and tastes based on behavioral data. To sum up, through software development, we developed a custom cloud-based pos-management - automation system that not only collects, translates, and enriches data records, but also runs our business smoothly and automates as many business and IT processes as possible, e.g., we implemented waste control to increase our cost controls and maximize profitability.The opportunity lies in using technology and web 3.0 tools, needed to deliver high-quality, hyper-personalized meal plans for a ready-to-eat meal delivery service, based on nutritional science. In addition, software development can reduce food waste as information like ingredients and portions can be precisely measured. Finally, as we collect data to develop credible software, our opportunity lies in licensing it to enterprises that will use it in their own data centers and cloud environments.
Fitness Meals is currently fundraising: The ASK: 1 million euros to be allocated:1: To move, and renovate a new facility in order to cover a larger scale production2. To buy new equipment for our kitchen which will automate and simplify complex processes3. To further improve our software and embed AI and Machine Learning in it 4. To develop our Mobile App5: To invest in enlarging our team