The utilization of drones’ services is a rapidly emerging market worldwide.Year 2025 projections on the market share of unmanned vehicles for use show a significant increase. According to the Association for Unmanned Vehicle Systems Int the increase of the number of drones that will be sold exclusively for SPAS in 2025 compared to 2015 will reach the percentage of 300%.Furthermore, the utilization of the technological possibilities of the Drones, the Wireless Sensor Networks as well as the combined methods of computer vision and machine learning is in an early phase in Greece. Therefore, there are no companies that occupy significant market shares, fact that creates enough space for a successful and promising, in the field of business and technology.According to our financial development estimation plan, we expect a turnover of 80K € in 2021, 130K € in 2022 and 220K € in 2023, with the net profit to be 40K, 80K, 120K € accordingly. Speaking about barriers in FLYEE's growth potential, we could say that Greece presents a series of peculiarities that will probably delay the estimated growth. More specifically, the high average age of the employed in drone services, the lack of training and education, the small and fragmented lot, the high input costs and the high insurance and tax costs are some of the factors that may affect our growth forecasts.
FLYEE is constantly seeking for strategic collaboration with companies focused in DaaS (Drones as a Service).
FLYEE was founded by Mr. Georgios Voulgaroudis, Mr. Dimitrios Ramnalis and Mr. Vassilios Polychronos. Georgios Voulgaroudis is the founder and CEO of Brainbox S.A. He has a BS in Physics, a MSc in Telecommunications, and a Ph. D in Applied Informatics, he established the foundation for his successful 20-year career in technology. He is the founder and CEO of Brainbox S.A. a leader company in micromobility in Greece. Ιn 2014 George selected by Endeavor as a promising enterpreneur. Dimitrios Ramnalis is the co-owner and CEO of GEOSENSE PCo since 2004. He received his diploma of Rural & Surveying Engineering in 2000 and his MSc in Cartography & Geography in 2002 from Aristotle University of Thessaloniki.Vassilios Polychronos is the founder and CTO of GEOSENSE PCo. He received his diploma in Economic studies from University of Macedonia, Thessaloniki, Greece in 1995 and his MSc degree in GIS from University of Leeds, Leeds, UK in 1997.
FLYEE was founded in 2020.End of 2020 FLYEE introduced in the market an innovative and unique business model with technology for urban BVS (Beyond Visual Line of Sight) drone operations.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Technology for urban BVS (Beyond Visual Line of Sight) drone operations
The Global Last Mile Delivery market is expected to reach $7.84 billion by 2026. In the next few years, the cities centers will be forced to create zero emission zones (free CO2 zones).Bi laws of the cities will enforce the movement of goods and the provision of necessary urban services to be fulfilled by an alternative way than the traditional one. In addition, traffic congestion was always an issue for the proper circulation of goods and the provision of mobility services in city centers. Hence, new methods for delivery of goods, for city security, for inspection and also for industrial applications will be required immediately. COVID-19 impacts the increase in demand for the fast delivery of packages and it is expected to drive the growth of the autonomous last-mile delivery market size. With the customer's inclination toward buying daily necessity products through an online source, the demand for delivering the products on the same day in the stipulated time has increased.
-Box deliveryOur technology ensured the order is delivered just the way it was packed. Using our smooth landing technology, orders are gently lowered. This ensures a quiet and secure delivery.- Public safety and Law EnforcementSmart rones equipped with zoom cameras are able after an alert to take off and to scan a large crowd from above to get the whole scene, and also zoom down to pick up minute details such as individual faces, logos on a backpack, etc., while object tracking features can allow the drone to keep tabs on any suspicious characters moving through the crowd.- Gathering DataBy using our technology to gather data for inspection purposes, a drone of relatively modest cost can provide potential million savings for certain clients.- Indoor Drone ApplicationsThe fourth industrial revolution is affecting the warehouses in “warehouse 4.0”. New scanning technologies, bar codes, QR codes, frequency identification (RFID) technologies and AI is part of our software solution