We are a food technology oriented business focused in the development of our technology, having the key values of sustainability, eco-system balance, responsible consumption and production, and food waste reduction. Our mission is to create production efficiencies for fresh fish so to be enjoyed by bigger population. We cooperate with Universities, businesses, research teams and individuals in the development of our technology so to expand the out-rearch and effect of our innovation. We never cease to research for supplementary or new technologies aiming to the improvement of the whole food production-consumption chain for the benefit of all key stakeholder involved.
Food technology company offering post-harvest technology that extends the shelf-life of fresh fish
Our innovation is a Post-harvest technology applied to fresh fish that (i) Maintains the sensory quality: taste, firmness, color and odor(ii) Nutritional quality of fish: Crude Protein, Lipids, Fatty acid(iii) And increases the shelf-life by 3-4 times compared to existing technologiesThe confirmed test results are the following: (i) Successfully extending the shelf-life of seabream up to 40 days.(ii) Successfully extending the shelf-life of seabass up to 30 days.(iii) Successfully extending the shelf-life of shrimps up to 21 days.Our technology can be easily adopted and incorporated by existing production lines with the addition of specific parts in the production process or it can be offered as a new installation of a complete production line. The benefits for the Fresh Fish Process and Packaging Businesses are significant and of immediate effect.
At this stage we are preparing the pilot of our technology which incorporates all mechanical parts and technology processes, so a funding of 150.000 EUR is needed. This initial funding we will used to extent the application of our technology to other fisheries
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Our team is composed by Danial the Technology Co-founder a Phd holder with expertise in the Post Harvest Handling and Technology, Analytical & Non Destructive Quality Assessment, Hyperspectral Spectroscopy & Machine Vision System, Scientific Researcher at the University of Foggia, former Assistant Professor of Agricultural Engineering at the University of Brawijaya; and Marios the business Co-founder an experienced financial and business consultant with diverse business background offering consulting services to companies worldwide.
We have successfully tested our technology in lab scale with confirmed results, and our technology was funded at an early stage by EIT Food.
Our solution addresses the problem of limitation in the fresh fish sources. Free sea fishing has reached the maximum production capacity during the last few decades and aquaculture tends to be the solution to fulfill the global fish demand while inadequate processing, improper handling and hygiene results in discarding a significant part of fish production. The solution we offer is a post harvest technology to prolong the shelf-life of fish (ie Computer Vision System, UV-C radiation, Y-aminobutyric Acid and Active Modified Atmosphere Packaging), which extends the shelf-life of fish by 3-4 times than conventional method. The production line we offer is a fully automated process, supported by AI, cameras, and other technological innovations with which we can achieve a high production rate with minimum production residuals. This process 1. Decreases food waste due to the shelf-life extension, thus increase the EU’s self-sufficiency2. Offers a solution to the decrease of the aquaculture production shrinking quantity, since it will “multiply” the existing capacity by prolonging fish shelf life3. Enhances production efficiencies thus minimize production wastes resulting from existing inefficient process and low standards of hygiene