Agritrack aims to optimize and simplify traceability intelligence across the agricultural value chain by offering widely available field traceability and data collection solution via a secure platform that everyone can trust. This is achieved through our platform’s Traceability Automation Module. In addition, via our Quality Control Module, Agritrack plans to enhance the traceability platform by providing real time and non-intrusive quality control, a disruptive innovation for the industry.•For our Traceability Automation Module we leverage IoT (Internet of Things) sensors to allow field users to quickly capture and simplify their data collection process, while we secure transactions using an immutable ledger (e.g. BlockChain technologies) to have a cryptographically verifiable record and one source of truth that all stakeholders can access, trust and agree on.•Our Quality Control Module leverages IoT food sensors with Machine Learning to deliver real time food quality control at the source, the processing stage and eventually at retail end points. More specifically, we combine data inputs from the sensors with our predictive algorithm to estimate food quality characteristics on the field, in real time. Quality characteristics are incorporated into the platform’s workflows and help decision makers improve their business intelligence & decisions
Agritrack is primarily a Cloud based SW offering, with scalable web services easily adjustable to quickly support many new users from different geographical regions without a major COGS increase.Hence, leveraging principles of modularity, once each agri commodity automation module is developed, the costs of customization, operation and support per each new customer are forecasted to have sharp decrease, as our customer base expands.
Agritrack, even though recently incorporated is already running its Traceability Automation solution for 200 Greek milk farms averaging daily 45 tons of milk.The solution has been an absolute success and we are now looking towards a large scale roll out in milk and expanding to other commodities (e.g. fish), allowing us to enhance our spectroscopic repository and commercialize our quality module, making Agritrack the first technology company to offer traceability and real time quality control.
Agritrack is a technology start-up offering an Agriculture automation platform that aims to reduce complexity, optimize traceability and real time food quality control via the integration of IoT, Immutable Ledger (e.g. BlockChain) and Machine Learning.We offer a widely available platform that helps agriculture stakeholders to: 1.tAutomate field data collection & traceability (currently dependent on laborious or paper based processes)2.tProvide real time and non-invasive food quality control on the field and across the whole food chain (currently available only via a lab)3.tShare information and business intelligence 4.tMake the right decisions and handle food based on timely quality characteristics, reducing food losses and addressing sustainability
To achieve our business growth goals, we need an influx of funds to support:1. Our traceability automation scale up across several commodities efforts2. Our Quality Module R&D efforts (Spectral Repository, OEM HW / IoT sensor tests etc)3. Agritrack awareness campaign
Quality from farm to fork / Traceability and quality innovation for agriculture
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
We have panned out a strategic market plan, staging our growth across different offerings, food categories and regions. This plan is the basis for our forecasted revenue streams and major costs centers extending up to 2025.