Fuelics is a cash positive company. We have a steady growth strategy, nevertheless, we consider raising capital in order to fund R&D activities for expanding in new markets of IoT projects.
We prefer others το talk about us. Nevertheless, all our achievements and announcements can be seen here: https://www.fuelics.com/press/
Dr Evangelos Angelopoulos – CEO and Business Development Director. Head of presales and responsible for leading the sales strategy of the company. He has contributed in raising more than 500Ke in EU grants, while has kept the company cash positive since day one.Mr. Nikos Dimopoulos – COO and Head of Operations. He is responsible for the day to day operations, bidding and revenue control. Dr. Dionysis Skamnakis – CTO. He is responsible for production and the implemented innovation in all hardware products of Fuelics. He has introduced FOTA and Remote Management functionality in our battery edge computing sensors. Michael Vaidakis, PhDc -Head of R&D. With a 15 year experience in military projects, he is responsible for rapid prototyping and evolution of our hardware products.Ioannis Nikolaou, MBA - Head of Cloud and Platforms. With 10 years experience in managing positions in one of the largest Integrators in Europe, Ioannis is leading the Fuelics' IoT cloud infrastructure development and integration activities.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
We are an innovative company in both product and business model perspective. Our Product innovation strategy enabled us to become the first company worldwide that offers true bidirectional communication over the NBIoT network. Our sensors, although battery operated, provide edge computing capabilities in order to minimize the battery consumption and the volume of data that needs to be transmitted. Full production deployments can operate with only a fewKBs of data per month per sensor, therefore minimizing data OPEX to almost zero. From the business perspective, having piloted in more that 50 countries since 2017 and having cooperated with the whole spectrum of business entities including telecom operators, integrators and municipalities, we have developed a tailored-made proposition to address the business needs in any part of the IoT value chain. Fuelics can act as either a supplier of Edge Computing Sensors or a provider of a white label end-to-end IoT solution. Our sensors are designed with an OpenAPI architecture which enables us to provide a multitenant, elastic, cloud native infrastructure that can serve any data acquisition needs, while offering seamless Remote Management and Firmware-over-the-air update (FOTA) capabilities over NBIoT for all Fuelics' sensors.
Fuelics is an Industrial Internet of Things R&D company specialized in the design, production and deployment of battery operated NBIoT sensors with edge computing capabilities and cloud native IoT platforms.
Fuelics is an Internet of Things R&D company specialized in edge computing sensors & platforms.
Fuelics produces Sensors in a privately owned production facility in Athens Greece. Platforms are built in-house by our IoT team. Firmware of the sensors exhibiting edge computing fictionalities is produced in-house. We provide the following type of edge computing battery operated sensors: 1. Fuel Management Sensors for Stationary Diesel Tanks for repository and re-fueling management2. Flow Management Loggers for Pulse or Mbus water meters for digitization of water related applications3. Occupancy Magnetic Sensors for parking and anti-parking applications 4. Distance Sensors for various applications including water level management and septic tank monitoringAll sensors exhibit bi-directionality over NBIoT allowing remote management and Firmware-over-the-air management. Our exposed API can be seen here: https://beta.api.fuelics.com/