A fintech development powerhouse, for scaleups and financial institutions
Still on development stage, so we do not have traction yet. We are proposing wireframes to potential target groups.
There is a core team of 2 founders who run the company already. The team consists of another 2 core members who will support the endeavor with their experience and subject-matter expertise.- Socratis is in start-ups since 2011 and in fintech since 2013, working with several roles including his own start-up. Ha has moe than 32 years in the market and has been involves in several projects- Konstantinos, an MIT alumni, is a master in project and teams management and he does this for a living running Sylipsis, a project mg tech company with more than 100 clients- John is joining the team as an expert in digital banking, after developing two large scale platforms for large organizations- Tina has more than 25 years marketing experience, most of them in San Francisco and the last 6 in GreeceAll of them have worked together in the past and have clear, complementary roles.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
The product innovation is the experience simplicity and the data management of an all-in-one digital platform. The gathering of all the data and the concrete image that the user will have based on them is the key offer. The tech innovation is more clear. Using machine learning tools and automation of processes, the platform gets an advisory and supporting role, which is is based on the AI assistance.
Our first and milestone product will be Aurora. Aurora is an all-in-one platform, to support SMEs owners accessing and managing their financial, operating, commercial and back-office activities faster and easier, by engaging in a much simpler, seamless experience, available anytime, anyplace.It is personalized, easy-to-use, cloud based and most of all simple. An all-in-one digital platform, for SMEs, which gathers all the services they may need in one simple, seamless experience- For SMEs: A single point of reference for all operations and analyses. A digital advisor. - For Licensed channels: An additional product for a segment they under-serve- For Non-licensed channels: An incremental revenue stream and a loyalty reference- For eco-system providers: A new launch-pad, a channel to offer services in a targeted audienceThe initial version will include (1) expenses and revenues management, (2) payments gateway, (3) cards and loyalty schemes, (4) commercial and customer engagement tools.Most important feauture is the data we will gather and all its management.
We will reach-out to the market for funding for 500.000€. We have already applied for Recovery and Resilience fund for a matching amount and we will know the outcome by March 2023.
Fund4all is a fintech software powerhouse. We launched in 2020 with the purpose of developing technology for fintech projects, scale-ups and financial institutions. We are building teams and products in order to deliver top-tier quality as we agreed, with the sole purpose of supporting our clients.Since teh end of last year, we decided that we shall develop and promote our own products and in the next few months we will launch our landmark project "Aurora".