We are an early stage startup and we have currently raised a pre-seed equity round of EUR 335k from 12 leading Angel Investors from Germany and Greece to build our proof of concept, further improve our technology and validate our value proposition. We have currently developed our MVP which you can quickly view in the following link and we are moving on with our proof of concept to validate product/market fit.
Our proprietary AI-powered real estate investment platform is a game changer and a radically unique solution compared to traditional investment alternatives that generally require high investment thresholds. Technology is an enabler that allows us to implement a unique business model innovation in what is considered one of the best performing investments in modern history which has long been only accessible by high net worth individuals. In the era of negative interest rates, Futurre.AI has created a Proptech/Fintech solution that democratizes real estate investing and we make it possible to build wealth through real estate at a fraction of what it used to cost by pairing our technology and expertise with the collective buying power of our investor community.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Futurre.AI is building Europe’s leading real estate investment platform. Our mission is to make ownership of investment real estate radically accessible, cost-effective and simple. Our technology enables more investors than ever before to fractionally own an institutional-grade real estate portfolio of fully managed investment propertieswith low minimums.
The future of real estate investing is a click away
Soon to raise a Seed round of funding of 2.000.000,00 euros
Many real estate markets around the world are opaque, lack data transparency and have fractured property ownership which makes investing in the residential asset class a painful and time-consuming process. On top of that, as a private investor you would have to deploy significant capital, have local market knowledge and assume significant risk in order to evaluate, purchase and manage an institutional-grade diversified real estate portfolio of investment properties.
Futurre AI is a spin off of proptech venture builder AQUIS. The team is supported by a strong captable of investors including Kian Moini, CEO of Rocket internet-backed real estate classifieds company Lamudi, Petros Pitsilis, ex-CEO of Forky which was acquired by Vivartia, Jannis Bandorski, serial entrepreneur, Ron Hillmann, serial entrepreneur and founder of Allmyhomes and many more