Maturing sensor technologies and the greater accessibility of data techniques like visualization and machine learning are driving a new generation of precision agriculture and computerized farming systems. Yet the RnD costs are substantial and the need to provide scalable solutions that could cover the EU market is extremely resource intensive. Moreover, the competition is getting better every day which in principle is a welcome progress, yet it makes the need for funding so that we can achieve an early player status in the market more pressing. The funding needs of Gaia Robotics can be approached by comparing to similar companies that have gone through all phases of funding rounds and are estimated to be in the area of more than 1M Euros.
Gaia Robotics succeeds in combining information technologies with agronomic science in a holistic and sustainable way that aims on revolutionizing food systems through the digital transformation of the production process. It enhances and optimizes the decision making and precise applications in agricultural crops no matter how small or large scale they are and collects and fuses actionable data from both the crops, remote sensing solutions like satellites and UAV enabled multispectral sensors and also from the agronomist and the producer. Thus, Gaia Robotics provides the necessary tools to the agricultural advisor, the researcher and the producer in order for them to optimize their yields, while reducing the environmental footprint of their practices. Therefore, the innovation and scalability potential of Gaia Robotics lies exactly in its unique characteristic that it concerns everyone engaged in the food system production cycle. The role of digital innovation in the sustainability of agriculture is pivotal and Gaia Robotics expansive approach, that allows even smallholder producers to benefit from novel technologies, data and research outcomes in order to ensure the sustainability of food production, is a key asset for its future expansion possibilities.
Gaia Robotics is a Greek SME leveraging on the experience and knowledge of its multidisciplinary core members, working in numerous RnD activities. GAIA’s main focus is a holistic vision of innovation, generated by efficiency, scientific curiosity and expert knowledge where ideas, techniques, tools and methods from different disciplines are integrated to make innovative, secure and responsible technology. GAIA’s main area of expertise lies in ICT, Green and Environmental Tech, Agritech, Robotics, Artificial Intelligence and Critical Infrastructures. Gaia Robotics particularly works on crossing the gap between booming cutting-edge technology and the real efficiency it brings at a low cost and has managed to become the leading UAV and Precision Agriculture technology solutions Provider in Greece, that has collaborated with a multitude of customers and types of crops successfully addressing their specific needs. Gaia Robotics has already completed complex large-scale projects utilizing the vast experience of its remote sensing and geospatial analysis experts by assisting its customers using advanced scientific sensors and unmanned aerial vehicles (UAV) in acquiring, processing, and analyzing remote sensing and computer vision data.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Gaia Robotics is leveraging on the experience and knowledge of its multidisciplinary core members, working in numerous RnD activities and is active in smart farming, environmental solutions and Green tech, responding to the need to feed 10bn people by developing unique farmland diagnostics services for industrial growers using patented breakthrough imaging technology to capture all information about physiology and chemical composition of crops in a most efficient way. Our core offering is early detection of disease and pests, detection and diagnostics of stress (mechanical damage, nutrient deficiency, water stress, soil compaction), monitoring of growth for optimization of fertilization, as well as prediction of yield. Gaia Robotics solutions empowers farmers to achieve significant economic gains including 30% increase in yield, 40% decrease in costs, as well as 70% decrease in disease-related risks, all of which facilitates the production of quality products and reduces negative environmental impact. Additionally, our MyGaia360 end to end robotic solution is targeted in revolutionizing urban farming and democratizing food production and will bolster Gaia Robotics expansion possibilities with its presence in new markets
Gaia strives to promote innovation, leveraging new technologies, always focused on sustainability
Gaia Robotics is actively engaged in various projects and case studies and its team constantly conducts research and development on emerging technologies. This highly skilled team is responsible for the development of i)MyGaia Cloud Platform which is a Decision Support System tailormade to help producers and agronomist optimize their farming management decisions and achieve a sustainable production that can produce more yields with less inputs and a smaller environmental footprint; ii) COLT Weather Station which is an innovative low cost, IOT enabled environmental sensor that leverages novel green technologies such as tree energy harvesting and provides crucial data to our clients helping them better monitor their crops or greenhouses; iii) MyGaia360 is a state of the art, end to end robotic solution that is poised to revolutionize urban farming and democratize food production. Gaia Robotics has also worked for the introduction and trial of innovative Precision Agriculture technology services and analytics with a leading example being the development of MyOliveGroveCoach, that focused on empowering olive growers and agronomists with diagnosis and management tools for the timely detection of infected olive trees with non-visible symptoms (initial stage of the infection or asymptomatic stress). This system provides a management mobile and web application integrated with a pipeline of advanced analysis and multispectral processing algorithms.
Gaia Robotics has completed for 3 consecutive years, in close cooperation with KYKNOS SA, the largest UAV enabled precision agriculture survey in Greece. The data collection and analysis campaigns concluded have produced a wealth of novel and extremely useful data regarding the growing process and farming regimens of processing tomato and have enabled related producers and agronomists to expand their knowledge and optimize their production. Gaia Robotics has also been the coordinator of MyOliveGroveCoach, an EU funded (RIS 3, NSRF) research project for the analysis, modeling and multi-spectral sensing for the predictive management of Verticillium wilt in olive groves. Gaia Robotics coordinated all partners and led the collection of the required data, by utilizing remote and multispectral sensing via unmanned aerial vehicles, allowing end users to identify trees with non-visible symptoms, so that the timely management of the disease can take place, guiding the producers towards the effective treatment of the disease, minimizing their economic losses. Finally MyGaia360 is an innovative and very promising robotic project, that could offer novel solutions to existing production problems, leading to a new circular economy paradigm.