Turn the product pages of your e-shop into product videos
E-commerce is constantly increasing. COVID-19 forced the increase of ecommerce even more. In Greece the first semester of 2020, the ecommerce turnover was augmented 171%; in the second semester of the same year, the average increase of 70% per month was detected (GRECA, 2020). Relevant percentages of increase noticed in the majority of European countries (ecommerce Europe, 2020). The increase of ecommerce leads also to increase of the needs in digital presence and digital content. Video usage in social media has been continuously increasing. The next generation of social networks (like TikTok) is only video-enabled. As a result, Marketing & Advertising on social media is moving forward to the video era.At the same time, Marketing & Advertising within the e-commerce world has not progressed/evolved accordingly. The dominant type of posts/ads is static images. In internal research that we conducted in 2019, we collected 20.000 Facebook posts from 150 companies pages in Greece (from all sectors), and the results showed that 86% of the posts consist of static images (Gaming Brotherhood, 2019).Due to the fact that video creation (to promote products) is a time-consuming and expensive procedure only large e-shops (the elite of e-commerce companies) with big budgets tend to invest in this type of communication The majority of e-shops still use only static images.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Our vision is to democratize e-commerce video generation. What we want to do is to give the opportunity to every eshop -no matter how big or small it is -to create videos for their products in an easy, fast & very affordable way.E-commerce Video platform by Gaming Brotherhood is a B2B Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) online platform, where marketers or e-commerce managers can create videos of their e-shop’s products in just 2 minutes, within three simple steps. Its vision is to democratize e-commerce video generation. Gaming Brotherhood wants to give the opportunity to every e-shop -no matter how big or small it is- to create videos for their products in an easy, fast & very affordable way. Gaming Brotherhood’s customers are 1) E-shopsand 2) Marketing Agencies (which are responsible for the social media marketing of e-shops).
We focus on 3 pillars:- Paid Advertisement- Email Marketing- Organic Lead Generation
1)Business aspects of innovation:To verify the quality of the results of our platform, we conducted two focus groups with marketers and content creators. Their main problems (relevant to video creation) were: the time-consuming procedure of creating a video, the lack of design skills, and the amount of money that has to be spent. All the participants verified that via our platform they can design videos in an easy, fast (just 2 minutes) and affordable way, without having designing skills.2)Technical aspects of innovation:Our service is complemented with the following features:● Artificial Intelligent background removal● Video deliverable available in every ratio required for social media● Variety of different templates to accommodate every brand’s needs● Provide the easiest way to insert products and prices in videos, currently in the market● A smart and simple way to create social-media-ready videos without any need of design skills or knowledge● Creation of similar videos using different product line-ups for agility and speed● Keyword search in order to easily find the template that suits you best● Dynamic headlines
Development of a SaaS PlatrformDevelopment of plug-in for ShopifyMore than 400 wordwide users4,7 out of 5 stars in the shopify users’ evaluation