The Gi-Polis Solution aims at the direct information of the users, in order to support the scope of the Public and Private Bodies that utilize it.The main feature that distinguish Gi-Polis Solution as pioneering and innovative, is the certified anonymity of the user, as our company has ISO 9001: 2015 Certification with subject: Digital information services through geolocation. Another important feature of our solution is the identification of the user's geographical location, using geographical zones and not its actual accurate position. Therefore, these competitive advantages atract more users, at a lower cost per installation, maintenance etc. Our solution remains unique and groundbreaking in the Greek and international market after its first two years of operation.The scalability of our Solution can be immediate and exponential.Our solution has the ability to increase its clients widely while the cost of system processing demands remain low. The solution demand may grow rapidly with a proper sales strategy and funding.
The human resources of the company consist of graduates with MSc or PhD that are distinguished for their specialization, experience and high morale. The following link is a brief description of the GI team https://www.g-i.gr/images/greek_brochures/2page_GI_Company_profile_10-21.pdfChief Science officer is Hatzichristos Thomas. His curriculum vitae can be found at the following link https://www.geocomputation.gr/
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
The company is seeking funding for expanding its activities outside Greece. During the first quarter of 2022 the company will be in the position to present its specific business plan and funding needs, based on the existing and near future projects.
Geoinformatics (GI), was founded in early 2017. It operates in the fields of Geographic Information Science (GIS) and Artificial Intelligence (AI). GI, so far has 3 main areas of interest: Civil protection, Geomarketing and the promotion and promotion of attractions. The company's vision is: Location Based Services for the protection of human life, everywhere, continuously. Promoting attractions around the world, combining Science with Art and Geomarketing at the right place the right time. In the context of this brief presentation of the company, in the following we focus on its most successful Solution, GI-Polis and the issues it deals with. The daily communication of a Municipality with its citizens at the lowest possible cost is a necessary activity in a contemporary society. This communication should be based on ICT's and the universal existence of mobile phones by the citizens. The object of the information can refer to the basic news of the respective Local Government Body, but also to the notifications in case of danger incidents, utilizing the geographical position of the users. Corresponding needs for communication with the citizens have Bodies, both of the Public and the Private sector. The necessity of a specialized Solution, which will meet the communication needs of any Institution with their users is obviously important.
So far and after 2 years of operation, Gi-Polis Solution is used by about 25 Municipalities in Greece and Cyprus. Also, from the end of 2021 Bodies such as the Athens Chamber of Commerce and Industry, Attiki Natural gas Distribution Company and Egnatia Motorway SA, will utilize Gi-Polis. In the context of the awarding of annual prizes for applications in local government, the Best City Awards 2020, under the auspices of the central Union of Municipalities of Greece, the Municipality of Rafina-Pikermi was honored with the SILVER BEST CITY AWARD 2020 in the field of early warning and informing citizens for civil protection. The Municipality of Athienou of Cyprus was awarded for the project "Electronic application Gi-Polis for informing the citizens" in the category "Culture and Environment".
The answer to the problem described above is the Gi-Polis Solution, through which Push Notifications are sent based on the geographical location of the user. All locationing technologies can be used to determine the user's position. The notifications are sent with a locationing accuracy of about 5m. The communication of the user's mobile device with the internet can be realized either through 4g / 5g or via Wi-Fi. The operation of the system is based on sending mobile push notifications through a custom designed application. The user downloads the application via app / play store. The Solution ensures the complete anonymity of the user and is fully harmonized with the terms of the GDPR Directive. The Solution includes the necessary Management Information System and Geographic Information System to send the messages to the end user. The Solution also includes a module for the presentation of the basic statistics for the users who receive the notofications by day, month, year, etc.