The Geomiso software has come to satisfy the imperative industrial need for dual CAD/CAE software and fill the gap between CAD and finite element analysis. It is the world’s first fully integrated 3D design and isogeometric analysis commercial program, which fully integrates the industrial design of any product with any thickness and curvature with its computational real-time testing. Geomiso enables industries and engineers to more efficiently test, validate and optimize their product's durability and performance and deliver faster more accurate results with no geometric errors. This outcome of 10-year research is not just a plug-in, but a brand-new hybrid software, both stand-alone and 100% cloud-based, for applications on isogeometric analysis and 3D design with the ability of analyzing complex structures, machines, or objects, otherwise incredibly challenging, with a wide spectrum of applications from mechanical, structural, geotechnical engineering to aeronautics and biomechanics.
There is a rising industrial need for technical software of fully integrated computer-aided design (CAD)/computer-aided engineering (CAE) nature in the international market. Engineers urgently need to design and analyse their projects more efficiently, while industries are continually striving to improve their competitiveness by optimizing their products, reducing time-to-market, and saving financial and natural resources (materials, energy). This industrial problem is directly associated with a major gap between CAD and finite element analysis, which dates to the 1960's. Until now, designers create the product design using CAD software and then deliver it to engineers, who transfer it to a CAE program to carry out its analysis. Thus, engineers are unable to efficiently utilize the existing exact mesh and must create from the very beginning a new one, which is not precise, while geometric errors are introduced and the engineering analysis is not accurate enough to study complex models.
Current clients: European construction companies, Greek civil engineersPartners: NTUA, TUC, University of CambridgeMentors: Gianna Angelopoulos, Holly Sargent (Harvard), Manolis Papadrakakis (NTUA), Haris Lambropoulos (ACCI)Research programs (790.000 €, Research–Create–Innovate, NSRF 2014-2020)Geomiso TNL (200.000 €)Geomiso SEA (265.000 €)Geomiso DNL (175.000 €)Geomiso ISA (150.000 €)Awards2019 The Gianna Angelopoulos Programme for Science, Technology and InnovationEnvolve Award Greece 2018First #GetEnvolved Award 20182018 Enolve Award Greece 2017 IEEE IST Best Paper AwardHonorary Distinction, First Panhellenic Athens Startup Awards Competition 2017Angelopoulos 100Honorary Distinction, 3rd Applied Research & Innovation Greece Innovates! 2015Angelopoulos Continuation Grant 2016Award-Honorary Distinction, Athens Chamber of Commerce & Industry 20155th Award, 5th Panhellenic Competition i-bank Innovation & Technology 2015Angelopoulos CGIU Fellowship 2015First Award, First Panhellenic Youth Entrepreneurship & Innovation Competition ideatree 2014
Our team consists of highly skilled experts in computational mechanics, finite element analysis and computer-aided design. Our founder and CEO Panagiotis Karakitsios (civil engineer, programmer, MSc, Phd Candidate, NTUA) is a world expert in isogeometric analysis, who has received 1 international and 25 national awards as both researcher and entrepreneur. The head of our R&D department is George Karaiskos (civil engineer, MSc, multi-year experience). Panagiotis Kolios (software developer specialized in cloud computing, UOA) is responsible for our cloud-based services. Our sales manager Konstantinos Gogos (civil engineer, NTUA) is also responsible for our marketing plan, while our social media manager is Stella Skrivanou (journalist, advertiser, Panteion). Vasiliki Tsotoulidi (MSc, Phd Candidate, NTUA) and Athanasios Leontaris (civil engineer, MSc, multi-year experience) are civil engineers-programmers, who are developing our new software packages.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
The Geomiso company develops, markets and supports 3D design and engineering simulation software.
Integrated CAD/CAE in the cloud is the new market trend. Our startup is offering exactly what the global market needs, means 100% cloud-based fully integrated CAD/CAE services, thus we have a unique opportunity to be the world’s first startup to release a commercial 3D design and isogeometric analysis software worldwide and unleash the power of isogeometric analysis for engineers and industries. Our company aspires to revolutionize the global CAD/CAE markets and become a key player or even the global leader in engineering simulation and 3D design. We are totally focused on being constantly innovating and expanding our technology into new areas to provide best in class fully integrated CAD/CAE. Our new versions will cover a wide range of applications and will strongly increase our revenue. Our innovation enables us to have a great potential for unprecedented growth the next years. It’s worth mentioning that we have managed to triple our revenue in 2019 compared with 2018 and quadruple our funding from NSRF from 200.000 € in 2018 to 790.000 € in 2019, while we created new jobs for Greek engineers and programmers and opened our first branch in Larissa. Our next branch will be in Athens. We plan to raise 500.000 € to 1.000.000 € for going global and accomplishing our mission to change the way engineers work around the world and to develop a new generation of engineers, which will be more familiar with CAD and will use isogeometric analysis to design, test and make anything.
The Geomiso software is the world’s first «two-in-one» fully integrated 3D design and isogeometric analysis commercial software, which offers an innovative way to merge computer-aided design with computer-aided engineering into a single procedure, thus allowing engineers to simultaneously design and test their products and projects. It has many features in common with both engineering simulation software and design programs. Its innovation stems from the novel isogeometric analysis, the powerful generalization of the classical finite element analysis, and from the fact that it is not just a plug-in, but a new hybrid software, both stand-alone and 100% cloud-based, with a dual CAD/CAE nature and a modern graphical user interface, used to both design products and predict how these product designs will behave in real-world environments, without building test products or conducting crash tests. Geomiso is a more efficient alternative to finite element programs, as it facilitates the geometry modeling within analysis, eliminates geometric errors, offers superior quality numerical results, significantly increases the accuracy, robustness, and stability level in analysis, and drastically reduces the computational cost. In contrast, the finite element programs, not only cannot fully utilize the available data of the CAD model, but also makes engineers unable to benefit from the latest CAD advanced techniques. This is the first time worldwide such a hybrid software has been developed.