Gerobo International initiated operations by launching Drone Security and Patrolling solutions, which is one of its business sectors in Robotics, Service robots and Drones. Our innovative business model is the development and provision of our high end artificial intelligence software platform for Drone Security, Patrolling and Custom solutions to three main sectors, Shipping, Industry and Logistics. The company will gradually unfold its business sectors in Robotics, Cobotics, AMR's and Service robots as it is currently concluding and expanding its initial global strategic partnerships.The company motto is People First, Robots Next! as it is inspired by the amazing Industry 5.0 horizon technological automation advancements and 5G transforming automation, robotics and IoT in human interaction. Our goal is to create, deliver and support high tech solutions. Shipping, Industrial, Logistics & HoReCa compounds are constantly seeking cost effective solutions to react to an array of international changes, needs and demand.Our competitive edge will be in attracting and retaining our customers with the most highly trained and well-informed individuals we can recruit. With our expertise in robotic drone and service robots applications, we will be able to provide the most accurate, up-to-date technological updates possible.
1. Gerobo Drone Shipping Solutions - Monitoring large open spaces the vessels areas, perimeter and hazard conditions. Extremely useful for vessels operating in a port or remote areas or locations that are hard or slow to access. Equipped with surveillance equipment, Artificial Intelligence algorithms, countermeasure capabilities, etc. 2. Gerobo Drone Industry Solutions - Security & Patrolling for Construction, Chemical, FMCG, Telco's, Metal, Agriculture and Pharmaceutical IndustriesThe modern industry is revaluating its core operational security and patrolling structures. Manufacturers are competing to satisfy the ever-changing market demands. Drones offer numerous advantages for insurers including damage inspections, post-disaster claim inspections, fraud monitoring, adjustment of property claims, roof or property damage inspections.3. Gerobo Drone Logistics SolutionsUsing our drone security and patrolling solution, your company can gain real-time insights into the ongoing security and surveillance tasks, optimising, controlling, and identifying any abnormalities of the inspection and routine patrols while on location through live-streamed connection. 4. Gerobo Custom Solutions - We are ready to use cutting edge technology to manufacture custom built drones and accompanying systems to solve your problems. 5. i-Forester & i-Inspector: Award winning forest mapping and viewing. Inspection of large enterpise areas and infrastructures.6. Cobots, AMR's and Service robots
This is very simple for us, if you love robotics the way we do, we would like to hear from you. We will make sure you enjoy a full presentation, business plan, P&L as well as a structured sales forecast and many more high tech information of our near future plans.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Since the early start of our company, our Team has achieved the following steps:- Legal company entity- Website launch, LinkedIn page & media coverage- Sales funnel strategy and initial customer meeting in Shipping and Industry companies- Sector services launch- Development of software platform- Cooperation with Drone and automation manufacturers- Creation of the initial strong team combining acute business and academic profiles- Sales team hiring process- Technical team hiring process- Free drone pilot programs for Industries, Logistics and Shipping companies within the Attica region- International cooperation with leading Insurance companies- Expansion of collaborations- Elevate Greece entry- Distribution of AMR's & Service robots- Initial Sales offerings
Gerobo International is a Robotics, AMR’s - Service robots and AI Drones company.
The Greek and European Markets have a huge potential of drone applications, AI, AMR's and service robotics entering day to day operations for an array of companies currently exploring or getting accustomed with our services and solutions. Our competitive advantage, differentiation, lies in our vertical services and solutions that can be adopted to any customer need with speed, reliability and implementation with guaranteed satisfaction.Manufacturers will take advantage of their smaller scale, access to high-quality inputs and traditional Mediterranean positioning to differentiate from the global manufacturers and gain market share in value-added product segments and higher price points. There are several major Greek and international investors already looking to improve the competitiveness of the Greek commercial sector, by consolidating smaller holdings, shifting production to higher-value and investing in innovative production and automation technologies. Many multinationals are enjoying the benefits of being based in Greece. International market leaders such as Amazon, Tesla, Mondelēz, Lays, Barilla, Cadbury, General Mills, Friesland Campina, manufacture a wide range of products and find that local and regional markets are receptive to new product lines as well as established favorites. Our solutions are targeting local and international companies in a scalable model of advanced offerings.
Gerobo International is a Robotics, Cobotics, AMR’s - Service robots and AI Drones company. The company provides high end robotics solutions to Shipping, Industry, Logistics and Ho.Re.Ca sectors which are constantly looking for advanced technological and financial solutions to react and cope with a series of international changes, legislations, needs and demand. The company's motto is ‘People First, Robots Next!’, as it is inspired by the dynamically developing and increasingly applicable technological developments in the context of Industry 4.0 & 5.0 automation and the human collaborative interaction with robotics and IoT.