Every industry faces diverse challenges; however, all requirements and expectations derive from the need to increase competitiveness and efficiency. Having a diverse pool of industry experts, we put emphasis on research and invest on new technologies, so as to be in position to deliver ground-breaking digital solutions that address real needs. The combination of research, technology and professional expertise provided us with the ideal foundation to build AgroApps Hub and form the core of what we do. We harness the power of observation data from space, air and land and transform them into actionable insights for businesses, government and our society. We combine and transform innovative and intelligent technology outputs into simple tools that anyone can understand and use. Our services are based on machine learning techniques and state-of-the-art computational algorithms, aiming to combine and process large volumes of IoT data, satellite imagery, drone photos and extract targeted information. These services are developed according to the most updated interoperability standards and serve the deployment of integrated complex information systems and applications, either on top of AgroApps cloud infrastructure or provided as a service to our clients.By bringing together sustainability, environment, risk and business insights with geospatial intelligence and mapping applications, we allow businesses, governments and organisations to make smart and timely decisions.
Our team consists of passionate specialists and experienced professionals. Combining a diverse set of academic backgrounds and skills, all the members share something very common, they are all technology and agriculture lovers and enjoy working! Currently AgroApps employs more than 22 multi-skilled professionals and experts combining diverse expertise with many years of experience in crop modelling, agricultural consulting, EO and weather technologies, software engineering, as well as business development. Capitalising on that accumulated and diverse team experience, while exploiting the knowledge on agriculture consulting and of agriculture principles and combining it with a passion for precision and novelties, the team delivers optimal solutions and customised services. AgroApps team is highly motivated and trained to tackle different challenges, and readily meet the incessant changes of today’s increasingly demanding international market environment. All the members of our team are dedicated team players who bring energy, fresh ideas and creativity in their work. You will often find them discussing and interacting with other agricultural and IT enthusiasts or working to transform their new big idea into a successful and efficient solution.
We put technology into the service of agriculture, aspiring to move agriculture forward !
AgroApps is continuously evolving its portfolio of products/services as well as expanding its list of collaborators, while building its long-term strategy on top of a thoroughly designed plan. Our approach of collaborating and validating new services within a diverse set of funding frameworks/ initiatives creates new business opportunities to be exploited and assists us in addressing the continuously emerging needs coming from the market. At the same time, we refine and adapt our offering mix, to the conditions and particularities of new customers and new markets. Our approach is based on the opportunities that each market presents, as well as on already established synergies. We reach one market at a time, ensuring the highest value for our offerings and we scale up by building and harnessing on mutual valuable strategic collaborations. For AgroApps the main objective is to scale impact, thus we built into the design of partnerships from the outset.UpToDate we managed to secure the needed funding through different finance frameworks and private customers ensuring a steady cashflow supporting our strategic planning and operations.Nevertheless, we always welcome any new projects and collaboration opportunities, coming from either the public or the private sector, where we can co-create mutually beneficial synergies.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
AgroApps was founded in 2015 by a team of experienced agronomists, experts in remote sensing, numerical weather forecasting, as well as IT specialists, who had a deep understanding of the agricultural sector and saw the growing need for technological support and for effective forward-thinking IT solutions. Our mission is to put technology in the services of the agricultural sector through the development of sustainable solutions. Our high level of expertise in combination with the constant research and our drive for excellence enables us to drive innovation forward and offer a wide range of ICT services that help farmers and other industry stakeholders understand the agricultural ecosystem in ways that were not possible before. Passionate about applying ICT, we use and combine sophisticated mathematical models, machine learning technologies, satellite and meteorological data, and crop development models, to build solutions and customised services for farmers, agricultural consultants, agri-food and agricultural insurance companies, as well as for the public sector.Currently AgroApps teams consists of more than 22 mid-senior professionals and operates its own big-data infrastructures.
AgroApps is exploiting knowledge and in-house ingenuity through: Our own in-house Remote Sensing imagery Hub, developed for utilising remote sensing imagery, supports the use of any EO satellite data provider (commercial or non-commercial) or any third source EO-information (e.g UAV images). Our RSi hub automatically processes imagery and delivers cloud-free and atmospheric corrected data products. The result is “on the fly” map access & Indexes calculation for the area of interest available to our clients.Our own in-house Numerical Weather Prediction & Atmospheric Data Assimilation system, allowing us to deliver through our Weather Intelligence engine, focused and specific operational-wise information to our clients. Nowcasting and forecasting products allow us to deliver information of: Increased precision - with higher Spatial & Temporal resolution, Increased assurance – weather information that reflects microclimatic conditions, even better client readiness – providing timely alerts meaningful for their operations.Our top-notch Crop Intelligence engine, where we utilise upscaled, established and validated global models, to transform EO and weather data into crop growth biophysical parameters, allowing us to deliver a suite of services for the agricultural and agricultural related sectors.Our unique combination of expertise and hi-tech infrastructure allows us to better optimise our client-specific solutions to meet their business and operational requirements.
Within 6 years of establishment, AgroApps managed to run in parallel several significant research and new products development activities and to deliver a portfolio of products serving a diverse set of customers in four core markets: i. the Smart Agriculture market;ii. the Weather and Climate Information services market;iii. the Agriculture Insurance market;iv. the e-gov applications market;Through the delivery of our products, we have managed to gain the trust of a first pool of customers, within but also outside Greece; while at the same time, we are exploiting new technologies and continuously innovate in order to upscale and extend our current portfolio. Either through EU funded projects, private grants, or competitions, we continuously work, focus and commit on delivering the outmost value to our collaborators and customers.In that journey we are pleased to see that our ideas and propositions are highly praised, receiving the 1st place at the STARTUPS D.DAY organised within the Digital Economy Forum by SEPE in 2019 and being a finalist in the Airbus Multi-Data Challenge in the frame of the Copernicus Masters Competition, in 2018. Lastly, during 2020 Space Hellas invested in AgroApps, completing the 2nd out of the 3 phases of investment. The strategic partnership with Space HELLAS, a leading system integrator and value-added solution and service provider in the areas of ICT and Security, empowers the future activities of our company.