The implementation of Piktocare solution establishes a unique and pioneer pharmaceutical care & communication channel to patients and consumers through pharmacies. We are using cloud-based technology to setup a pharmacy network, pictograms labeling to reach all kind of customers and innovative technologies such as QR coding and Augmented Reality to offer enhanced customer experiences as pharmaceutical advice over the box (e.g. QR code labels that patients can scan at home to unlock digital mobile content for the proper use of their medicine).We are also working on the development of dynamic messaging directly printed in pharmacies as well as mobile application for consumers, that in the future may not need to visit a doctor or a pharmacy. On top of course there is further space for innovation on medicines proper use data analysis with BI/AI tools.
Piktocare provides pharmaceutical pictograms, specially designed and validated to communicate information about the correct use, safety and effectiveness of medicines, in a simple, attractive and efficient way for patients, as well as easy, fast and broad way for pharmacists that deliver the service. Thanks to many years of pictograms’ research, literature reviews and scientific studies, patients receive and hold short, clear and reliable information about action, reception, precaution, interaction and support, while pharmacists contribute broadly in increasing proper use of medicines, improve pharmacotherapy and enhance their role as an effective patient awareness, education & communication channel.Our innovative medicines’ labeling service consists of (a) sets of pharmaceutical labels (validated pictograms) that pharmacists stick on each box, (b) cloud and computer based software for individual drug labeling and on-line guidance to pharmacists during dispensing and (c) continuous database updates of medicines, ingredients, forms, pictograms & instructions.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Our market research after getting our operations off the ground, shows that by maximizing our users base in Greece, optimizing our product offering and scaling our product across different markets abroad, we can reach a market of €2-5 million. This quick win potential make us think of the "seed" funding as part of our business strategy.
GET2WORK effectively integrates people, technology and data in the life science and healthcare domain. We level up the business of over 70 multinational and Greek life sciences companies, prestigious scientific societies, healthcare professionalsand patient communities, putting innovation into practice for them.Since 2019, the company is investing in the development and commercialization of innovative solutions in the field of pharmaceutical care – medicine’s labelling for proper use of medicines – Piktocare, as well as in online stakeholders engagement platforms focused on chronic diseases, such as diabetes – all4Diabetes.Our customers' experiences prove our effectiveness, values and skills to be a beneficial for all stakeholders partner in healthcare.
Our team brings a lot of experience, know how, passion, enthusiasm, ethos, commitment, professionalism & extroversion and offers an innovative solution that is unique in the materialization of pharmaceutical care and the development of a direct to patients and consumers communication channel, through pharmacies.
The company was established by executives with many years of experience and expertise in the domain. Since then, we have a continuous up rate in financial indicators, range of offered services and partnerships, as well as in geographical coverage. Today we have 70+ pharma companies, over 10 affiliated partners and in 2020 & 2021 have achieved a x5 revenue growth rate.Many of our digital transformation activities are supported by industry, medical and patient associations and we are in close collaboration with University Medical and Business Schools.Since 2019, the company is continuously investing in the development and commercialization of innovative solutions such as Piktocare in the field of pharmaceutical care.Despite the COVID-19 lockdowns (stop of sales visits and events/exhibitions) in 2020 that was Piktocare launch year, we were able to get the solution to almost 200 pharmacies (100 direct customers and 100 through B2B), set-up dedicated customer service, and sign an NDA for business development abroad. By 2022 we managed to get Piktocare installation on over 650 pharmacies' terminals, we are in discussions to expand our B2B channels and partners and deliver high scale campaigns and patient support programs.