The offered robotic systems may provide industrial units with the necessary boost to take the lead against competition, since they have huge advantages:Ongoing operation: They can work on a 24/7 basis.Speed: They may be adapted to use in a way no human may achieve.Repetitiveness: They perform the same task in exactly the same way and speed, providing constant quality.Safety:Not affected by routines, or work risks.Operating expenses: They reduce a company’s operating expenses since nothing is needed but maintenance.Flexibility: They can be easily adapted to new drills and “tasks”. Moreover, given their tool changer functionality, they may serve production of different products, thus reducing costs even more.Industrial robots are used for a multitude of products and in all types of industrial units. They are already being used in metal and sheet processing factories, automotive industry, aeronautics, pharmaceuticals, photovoltaic modules, plastics, foundries and glass industries. Introduction of robotic systems in all industries has generated significant profits, since it reduced production costs and provided a huge leap for growth.
The GIZELIS ROBOTICS company was established in order to offer state-of-the-art technology products - automation solutions to the Global Industry. It is the newest company in the GIZELIS SA Group, which is one of the oldest sheet metal machines manufacturer in the world.Its engineers and technicians have a long-standing experience on robotics, with numerous industrial applications under their belt. Located in privately- owned premises in Schimatari, the company can develop new applications and run all necessary trials needed to offer high-standard products and services.
GIZELIS ROBOTICS is working closely with the best companies in Robot technology in the world and has the ability to offer the best solutions for any kind of automation. Some of our products are:Cell Pal Series - Robotic Palletizing provides a modular end of line palletizing system. A flexible solution for palletizing provided in four different configurations. Cobot Pal Standard for Tight Spaces - Designed to provide a mobile automated box palletizing solution for low or medium speed flexible production lines. Air Grip Bottles Cell - This system with its details in stainless design ensures reliable, flexible and fast picking up of bottles, erecting carton boxes and finally palletizing these boxes for delivery.ROBO 3D MACHINING - Robot CNC CAM software lets you program robots with external axes such as rotary tables and linear tracks as easily as you could program a 5-axis NC machine.Bag Palletizing Cell -bag palletizing solution for plastic, woven cloth or paper bagsMiR - Mobile Industrial Robots is a leading manufacturer of collaborative mobile robots. Dedicated to developing user-friendly, flexible and safe robots to help companies increase the efficiency of their operations.PALLETIZING - Complete solutions for Picking, Packing and Palletizing for improving productivity and cost reduction.WELDING - Welding with robots equals to high quality parts that boost your sales.
Οur funding needs aim to implement new projects related to robotic automated systems
We offer technology products - automation solutions to the Global Industry
GIZELIS ROBOTICS is the ideal Consultant/partner that sets growth as its aim and seeks to lead its market. Its objective is to provide “Automation system solutions” that will drive increase in productivity, quality, flexibility and adaptability to on-going market and client needs.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Gizelis Robotics is the most modern robotic solutions company in Greece, offering products and solutions in a variety of industrial applications. It provides both unique and on-demand robotic solutions as well as combined robotic and artificial intelligence solutions for the Greek and international industry.Gizelis Robotics substantially contributed to the implementation of the first private campus network in Greece in collaboration with COSMOTE and Ericsson. The result of this collaboration is the integration into the network of the connected robotic machines of Gizelis Robotics and the augmented reality (AR) applications of the company PTC for the collection and utilization of data produced by the robotic mechanisms, forming an integrated production automation ecosystem in Calpak.