We are looking for $2M to get our products to the next level and go worldwide with our marketing strategy in the next 18-24 months.
We help creators protect and monitor their creations online.
Toroblocks is a platform that uses blockchain technology to protect and copyright digital assets. The platform utilizes an append-only, privately generated, and publicly distributed blockchain ledger to store data and verify transactions. When a user submits an asset for copyright protection, the platform encrypts, timestamps, distributes, digitally signs it, and adds it to the blockchain ledger. This process creates a new chain-link, which is added to the blockchain as soon as the system synchronizes an existing chain with new data, using the L1 decentralized Solana Network that gets updated every 24 hours. This makes it impossible for anyone to alter the data in any way, providing the safest and most reliable way to store data and verify transactions.
We are an experienced team of doers. Within only 12 months we have designed, implemented and shipped various versions of our products. We have more than 40K registered users and we have initial revenue.We move quickly from thinking to planning and executing. Measuring every aspect of what we do, pivoting and designing again. We are here for the long run.We are currently expanding in South USA.
Toroblocks is a toolbox for creators that aims to protect their work on the blockchain. The platform equips creators with industry-leading tools to protect their copyright ownership and monitor who is using their work online. Toroblocks offers all-in-one protection for every creation, including automatic copyright registration on the blockchain, notifications when copycats are identified by our monitoring system, and the ability to remove infringing content with a single click. The company's technology is powered by CopyrightsWorld, the leading copyright registration service. Toroblocks can be connected to social media accounts, blogs, and files on disk or in the cloud to protect and monitor content. The company provides worldwide live monitoring for textual and visual creations, and clients can activate monitoring for any of their creations to be notified when a copycat is detected. Toroblocks' mission is to empower creativity in the new digital age.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
We are building a platform that allows creators to protect the copyright of their intellectual property and monitor how it is used across the web. We use blockchain & AI tech to make copyright protection accessible to everyone. We currently have launched a number of offerings for B2C, B2B and B2B2C.Copyright Registration / How we do itDigital asset protection has never been as easy or as a simpleFile UploadUpload your file from your computer or your phoneHashtagSocialProtect: Add #toroprotect when you share your original posts on social mediaBlog IntegrationBlogPassport: Link your blog to your Toroblocks account.Monitoring / How we do itWe monitor for any intellectual property theft.No more worrying about unknown illegal usage of your work! Our Infringement Monitoring feature will alert you to any potential copyright infringement the second it occurs, allowing you to act immediately.Works like magic!
We are an accomplished group of doers. We planned, implemented, and released many versions of our products in less than a year. We have almost 40K registered users and starting income.We move fast from contemplation to planning and execution. Measuring everything we do, turning, and designing all over again. We're in it for the long haul.