George Dokos (CEO) is a graduate Economist of the Aristotle University of Thessaloniki. During his professional career, he has founded and managed many companies in the field of adult education, qualification, certification and IT. Three of them, Databank SA, Gnosis Assessment Hellas and Smarteching Education remain active and continue to grow on their field of action. As Project manager, he has directed and implemented many projects in the fields of informatics, adult education and certification related to the public and private sector.Anastasis Tsitsis (COO/CMO) studied Business Administration in Greece and France. He holds an MA in Marketing, Advertising and Public Relations from Sheffield University and together with George Dokos they co-founded Gnosis Assessment Hellas in 2016. He owns a network of training centers in Northern Greece and he is operating in the company as Operations and Marketing Manager, developing projects for Gnosis Assessment Hellas in Greece and abroad.
An all-in-one software for managing and conducting exams by educational institutions
Gnosis Assesment Hellas has developed a network of foreign language schools in Greece (1200) and in Italy (100) for the development and distribution of 2 English Language certificates. As a result, the company has provided examination services to 30.000+ candidates worldwide with 150+ examiners and moderators from all over the world. In May 2020, the company developed the online examinations system “Gnosis Portal”. Up to now, more than 130 educational institutions have adopted Gnosis Portal for their online exams.
With Gnosis Portal, every educational institution can create and manage its examinations holistically through an all-in-one, cloud-based platform. At the same time, it can remotely examine & assess its trainees:•From wherever they want•Whenever they want•Via their PC •In a safe environmentThe educational institution can choose and assign any task they wish to candidates. Upon completion of the exam, the institution can assess its trainees and produce “staff-free” results directly through the automated assessment system of Gnosis Portal. Through the Gnosis Portal service, this innovative platform comes to offer a competitive add-on edge to educational institutions, enabling them to offer an innovative service to their field of action.The platform is designed to provide a linear series of procedures, allowing the institution to take control of every step of the process and serve even the most demanding institutions.Besides all the above, Gnosis Portal also operates as a CRM and provides additional features such as live proctoring, post-exam assessment, direct results statements, result validation options and report-generating features. Also, the security offered by the system (along with data privacy and encryption) is a key point for low and high stakes exams, as the testing system has especially been designed to “secure” the candidates’ PC during the examination.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
The company can exploit external funding for:•Further development of the platform's features.•Expanding to new markets.
Through Gnosis Portal, educational institutions from all over the world can manage and conduct their exams (online, computer-based and paper-based), while simultaneously having full control and monitoring of candidates, examiners and affiliates. Gnosis Portal also provides a unique, automated built-in system for conducting secure online examinations directly through its platform, while allowing the incorporation of an automated assessment system for the examined trainees. By using Gnosis Portal, any institute can now save resources by conducting “staff-free” exams, while also providing 100% valid results through automated assessment processes.
Gnosis Portal provides an all-in-one, cloud-based solution for educational institutions (awarding bodies, vocational training institutions, training centers, tutoring centers, schools, academies, companies, etc.).