Goodfairy is an online insurance broker, that follows the business model of a “For-Profit Social Enterprise”.Currently, Goodfairy support more than 30 Greek non-profit organization.How our business model works:We keep adverising costs to a minimum, by spreading the word of our benevolent cause, through the non-profits own media, to their members, volunteers and friends.Through our price comparison platform, people can insure their vehicle, in the same way that they can do so in any other car insurance aggregator platform.Once the insurance policy is issued, Goodfairy makes a donation, equal to 50% of the commission received by the insurance company, to the non-profit that the client has chosen.Goodfairy will repeat this donation, every time the client renews the car policy.Through our innovative business model, we strive to achieve sustainability by enabling non-profits to become financially independent, instead of relying solely on grants and corporate donations.
Making the world a better place through online car insurance!
Our team currently consists of the two founding member of Goodfairy, the Head of Operations, Mrs. Elena Monacholakou and the Head of Digital, Mr. George Kaskarelis.
We succesfully completed our proof of concept MVP phase in 2022. During this period we managed to achieve the following milestones:1) On boarding more than 30 non-profits.2) Partering 9 insurance companies3) Participating in 2 accelaration incubators (HIGGS & NBG Seeds)4) Issue our first 20 insurance policies through our online platform5) Achiving an average dontaion of 19,25 euros per policy6) Gathering more than 3.000 social media followers7) Launching our first ATL brand awareness digital campaign8) Becoming a commericial sponsor for the "Race for the Cure" breast cancer race.
Goodfairy is the first social enterprise in the world, that utilizes the power of an insurance aggregator, in order to enable non-profits to support themselves financially, instead of relying solely on grants and donations.Our business model is 100% scalable, not only because it utilizes a digital platform for creating new business, but because it can be replicated all around the world, in the same way that numerous insurance aggregators have done in the past.
Goodfairy is the first social enterprise of the insurance industry. Every time you issue, or renew, your car insurance policy through Goodfairy, we make a donation to a non-profit organization of your choice.Our aim is to create a significant and recurring revenue for the actors of the social economy in Greece.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
During 2022, we successful completed the first phase of our launch, which involved the proof of concept, through our MVP. The first phase was funded 100% by the founders (16.000 euros).Our goal for 2023 is to to seek funding for our second phase, that will involve replacing our MVP, with a Fully Operational Product, hire our first Full Time Employees and increase the marketing budget. For this purpose, we will seek an investment of 100.000 euros im exchange of 10% of our equity, with the allocation of funds to the corresponding cost center being 25% infrastructure, 50% FTEs and 25% marketing.