Konstantinos | CEO & Co-FounderMSc in Chemical Engineering. 13 yrs in senior roles in Operations in multinational environment.George | CTO & Co-FounderBSc Electrical & Electronics Engineering. 5 yrs in engineering positions in well established multinational company. Giannis | CCO & Co-FounderBSc Supply Chain & Logistics. 5 yrs in planning production and Supply Chain, in leading multinational company.Ioannis | Head of TechnologyMSc in Advanced Computer Science, BSc in Computer Systems Engineering. 5 yrs of working experience as Data & Platform Engineerin two start-ups in the UK. Anthony | MentorC Level Executive, Partner at Proteas, 3yrs as CEO at CWT Greece, 5 yrs as Managing Partner at ergonven, 5 yrs as Group Portfolio Manager at Invensys PLC, 7 yrs as project manager at Airbus SAS & Head of Braking & Steering Systems for A350 XWB Aircraft.
Got It develops a software technology platform, in order to apply the food delivery concept, in the parcel last mile industry. The innovation lies on the high customization offered to the end client, yet on a cost efficient and sustainable basis. The on-demand, just in time pick up along with the algorithm optimized routings and the zero stock management cost brings a different operational approach that provides flexibility and attractive price proposition to the end client.Universal Operational Model able to expand in different cities and markets using the core technology infrastructure and the knowhow to ramp-up drivers network in new areas.
Got It provides last mile delivery services in city and cross city to e-commerce customers over it's e-shop network.High customization such as timeslot of arrival, live tracking, extended service hours and Saturday operation will create a best in class service.Deployment of a disruptive point to point operating model where a smart algorithm allocates parcels to drivers based on geographical synergies. The enrolled eshops, use Got It web "cockpit" to manage their deliveries. Got It drivers perform deliveries via mobile app.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Got It seeks funding through VC specialized on technology, focusing on seed phase.
Introduce the most customer-tailored courier in GR, using smart technology & crowdsourcing synergy.
Technology:On Prototype Release statusCommercial:30% client acquisition for pilot phase.​Achievements:​Top ranked in EGG incubator​
Got It introduces the most customer-tailored courier in GR, using smart technology & crowdsourcing synergy.Got It solves courier pain points (idle time, low visibility on arrival) and maximizes customer e-commerce experience (buy now - enjoy now).We vision a sustainable, scalable courier model fueled by an agnostic network of drivers and vehicles.