So far, we have created 4 different products that have been installed in greenhouses fields, pumping stations in the public sector and private pools. The company started unofficially in December 2019 running under "Ardeftiki Control" (The Company of one of the founders.) By summer 2020 we have produced our first product where we started testing the hardware and software together in real-life situations. Then we continued adding features to our software and started working on the different versions of our hardware for different clients. By summer 2021 we have created 2 more products, one for remote monitoring of fridges and freezers in a restaurant and one custom solution for a construction company of pools and fountains. In November 2021 we received funding from a private company and we officially launched our business. In February 2022, we started working on the new updated version of our app and hardware.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
The way our products and services differ from other companies is that we give more freedom to our users.Our devices have been shaped by the feedback we got from users that use some of the existing solutions and we have tailored them to match most users' needs. As a result, our product finds application in a wider variety of tasks and can be used by various professionals. Smart home appliances have grown massively in the past few years and nowadays we see them everywhere. That area is fairly saturated. INdustries however are a bit more complicated because there are many variables and every business has different needs, while most homes don't.
At the moment we need funding for further research to improve our products, fund our marketing campaigns and also hire stuff that will be able to maintain our current products and help us develop new ones.We are looking at the moment for a 200.000€ investment that will be needed for the next two years.
Dimitris (Co-founder, Hardware & Sales manager) He has studied accounting and he has been managing the family business "Ardeftiki Control" that produces hardware solutions and automation for farmers, the public sector and a variety of other industries. In Grabi, he is responsible for managing the production of our hardware and coordinating sales. Eleftherios (Co-founder, CTO) He has studied electronics engineering and he's been working as a software developer in the UK for 4 years. In Grabi, he is responsible for the flow of the software and the testing of the whole product.Kiriakos (Hardware engineer)He has over25 years of experience in designing and producing industrial electronic devices. In Grabi he is responsible for the design and the production of our devices. Charalmpos (Sales represenative)He has extensive exposure as a sales representative and in Grabi he is promoting its products to potential costumers.
Our company provides products and custom solutions to professionals that help them upgrade their business. Our products allow our users to remotely monitor their property and take action through their smartphone if there is an alarm or if they need to perform a specific task such as start the irrigation system, turn on/off the heating or air-con, turn on/off the lighting system, open/close the windows, lock/unlock the doors, etc. All these actions can be set off automatically or manually by the user. Our main area of focus is agriculture and different industries. These areas, apart from monitoring them, we collect data that we only provide to our users and through AI we can start developing models that will allow them to maximize production with the least amount of effort. For example, we could predict when it's the best time to water a crop by monitoring the weather and the soil's temperature and humidity.
We provide custom and innovative solutions that improve the quality of life in a sustainable manner. Our business is structured around smart solutions, i.e. making devices that are hard to operate and monitor into smartphone-intuitive-operated ones. With the advances of AI (Artificial Intelligence) and IoT (Internet of Things), you can find a smart device almost everywhere. From smartphones to smart houses our lives have been impacted by devices that help us improve our quality of life and save time and money.
We provide custom smart solutions that improve the quality of life in a sustainable manner