According to the American Association of Retired Persons, 90% of seniors want to age at their home, and 82% if they begin to need day-to-day assistance or ongoing health care during retirement. In Greece, there are over 600.000 households that have at least one person that needs home care according to Hellenic Statistical Authority with over 250.000 having dementia. Their relatives are facing hard times to find the best fitted and trusted caregiver without getting any daily reports about the situation of their loved ones and caregivers want to find a good and safe job as soon as possible and get training to help themselves to offer a better service.
Grandmama counts more than 12.000 users with over 4.000 trusted caregivers all over Greece having the largest network. Last year, 2021, grandmama managed to almost double its turnover and have an increase of +76% of users and +54% of caregivers during pandemics and quarantine. Also, managed to be certified by ISO27001 and data protection.
Grandmama uses state-of-the-art technology to make the matching between a senior and a trusted caregiver a lot easier and faster. Machine learning helps relatives to find the best-fitted caregiver by just using the digital service.
Grandmama is a marketplace that connects seniors and their relatives with trusted caregivers for home healthcare all over Greece. We follow an onboarding process for the caregivers and we do a background check, reference check, interview, and eligibility to work in Greece. Also, there is a rating system when a senior cooperates with a caregiver, they can rate specific qualitative KPIs.
1. Already established startup with increasing users and revenues.2. Focusing on a 'sexy' market like home healthcare for seniors.3. We will create 30 more positions for the next 3 years but the most important thing is that grandmama creates the opportunity for people to become caregivers, especially for women 45 years old who have the highest unemployment rate of 37% (Statistics 2021). During 2021 and pandemics, we succeeded to give jobs to over 500 caregivers and nurses and supporting over 800 seniors and their families.4. We are a women-founded and women-led having a solid knowledge and experience about the senior care market.5. In our caregiver network, 96% are women with 65% being over 41 years old from 23 different nationalities. We support diversity and inclusion. Grandmama is a tech startup with a social face. We don't do CSR because it is in our DNA to help people from seniors to caregivers. Also, 30% of the team members are people with special needs. We are committed to working like this and to growing all together!
Grandmama is a marketplace that connects seniors and their relatives with trusted caregivers for hom
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
We are looking for people who share the same vision as us. Money is the mean to elevate our product with tech, reach more people with marketing, and empower our team to execute the plan.