Internet of Things end2end Solutions Positioning & sensor tracking . Software producer and reseller.1.reduces the costs of companies and organizations 2. increases productivity and enhances the physical security of employees 3. helps management with new information to make lower risk decisions.
The innovation of the sensors is in their very low battery consumption, small size and frequency range. in combination with an advanced system with alerts and rules.Our operating model is now being formed at the beginning of our creation and will depend on the market response to our first sales steps.We differ from the rest of the market because we specialize our equipment and software for solutions that do not have a corresponding wide application such as garbage management and automated garbage truck navigation based on the bucket filling prices given by our sensors.1.reduces the costs of companies and organizations 2. increases productivity and enhances the physical security of employees 3. helps management with new information to make lower risk decisions.
8 years experience on IoT & M2M industry .1.reduces the costs of companies and organizations 2. increases productivity and enhances the physical security of employees 3. helps management with new information to make lower risk decisions.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Internet of Things end2end Solutions Positioning & sensor tracking . Hardware & Software producer/reseller.we place small wireless and energy-independent sensors in difficult places indoor and outdoor, moving or not. positioning indoors or outdoors, but also different conditions such as temperature, humidity, atmospheric pressure, etc. The data ends up in a system that collects, analyses and alerts with alarms from a smartphone, tablet or web .
IoT solutions Indoor & Outdoor Air Quality, Positioning , Asset Tracking
design of integrated equipment and software solutions in collaboration with other companies.Selection of suitable equipment based on the analytical tests in test applications. trial duration 14 months.creation of corporate identity and marketing material such as presentations, brochures etc.offers to organizations . creation of the company's headquarters
we need about 300.000€ to to complete and deliver our first Smart Cities projects .our main target is to complete them without funding .