- Since our company's launch in 2016, we were able to consecutively double the company's growth (turnover, users, clients). We have accommodated more than 16,000 travellers and over 30 companies & organisations so far. Our platform has been used by more than 1,000,000 users/travelers.- Some of our corporate clients include Apple, Google, Coca-Cola, Mercedes-Benz, P&G, Vodafone, Star Alliance, Johnson & Johnson & Booking.com.- Greeking.me teamed up with EasyGroup in order to offer our products to EasyJet clients via easyGreece.tours- We ranked 2nd during our participation in 'egg enter-grow-go' startup incubator of Eurobank & Corallia in 2016.
By leveraging smart technology tools and modern marketing techniques, our company offers a scalable product that is distributed through various channels and achieves a great competitive advantage over traditional travel agencies. We use strategic inbound marketing techniques in order to attract the right visitors and turn them into users and delighted customers. Our in-house content specialists are using state-of-art SEO (Search Engine Optimization) and sophisticated marketing techniques and in order to increase the platform visibility & create high quality leads.
Nikos Theodoris and Anna Manias are the two co-founders of Greeking.me. Nikos has a Bachelor’s degree in Economics and an MBA while Anna studied Elementary Education and Digital Marketing.​ Nikos and Anna have built a high-achieving in-house team which consists of travel specialists, marketing professionals & technology experts and also a network of handpicked tour guides and seasoned tourism professionals.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
The company has used bootstrapping as the main funding source.
Our booking platform helps thousands of travellers to search, find and quickly book online the ideal tour or experience based on various criteria. We are constantly adding new experiences in our platform by developing API connectivity with our suppliers. Our multi-day trip itineraries are dynamically created with a smart management tool and can be viewed in a unique url, downloaded as .pdf file, or presented in a mobile app. Clients can access their travel documents & communicate with their travel specialist via chat. We are currently working on a more sophisticated system in order to improve the level of personalisation & synthesize tailor-made journeys with multiple parameters by different users.
Greeking.me is an online travel platform offering personalised trip itineraries & handpicked tours provided by passionate local experts.
Greeking.me is an online travel platform offering personalized tours delivered by local experts.