We are the global experts in food safety data, specializing in food and agriculture data only since the establishment date and recognised by authorities such as the Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) of the UN and the European Commission (EC).At the end of 2016, the FOODAKAI platform was launched, with monitoring and alerting services to the Greek food industry. By 2019, with further investment in the emerging risk identification and estimation, based on the food recalls and border rejections publicly announced by the international authorities we became the preferred supplier of global food manufacturers (such as The Coca-Cola Company, Conagra Brands, Schreiber Foods, and the Yili Group).We invest in innovation, reflecting on our future customers' needs and working systematically on developing new innovative services that cannot be found to competitive solutions, like the automated risk predictions module that enables risk prevention, launched last October 2020.
Agroknow is emphasizing deploying innovative services in the FOODAKAI platform, focusing on the development and testing of new technologies for data processing, artificial intelligence, and secure data exchange. Agroknow consists of the following teams:1.Marketing & Sales team is responsible for the market research, create new opportunities, and daily communication with potential customers and existing customers.2.Customer Success & Support team is responsible as the main contact point with our customers. 3.Data team is responsible for the delivery of quality and accurate global food safety data to FOODAKAI’s users.4.Product team is responsible for the continuous operation, development of new features, security, and deployment of FOODAKAI.5.Innovation team is responsible for testing new technologies to be deployed in the FOODAKAI platform.6.Operations team is responsible for the financial monitoring and the day-to-day running of the business to ensure smooth progress
Our solution FOODAKAI is a cloud-based food risk intelligence platform that helps our customers monitor, assess and predict risks across their complete supply chain in a visual, easy-to-understand way. It is a solution that can be customized to serve differently each member of the safety, quality, or supplier compliance team. This is achieved through a hybrid software & human workflow that continuously collects, translates, and enriches millions of global food safety data records from hundreds of official, trusted sources around the world. These data are then processed by internally developed AI algorithms to deliver tailor-made data insights and predictions about the risk associated with ingredients, contaminants, and suppliers all around the world. FOODAKAI includes a number of software modules that correspond to the various needs that food supply chain stakeholders have in terms of risk and quality monitoring of their global supply chain.
In the context of our innovation activities, we have invested in leveraging the power of new technologies, such as Big Data, Artificial Intelligence, and Blockchain. Big data technologies can help in improving the scalability of the food safety platform and in the harmonization of heterogeneous data. AI technologies can improve data mining capabilities and enable the development of risk prediction services. We are investing in blockchain technology to build services that will allow secure data exchange between the business partners (e.g. food producers) of the supply chain and to enable remote monitoring and verification of suppliers.FOODAKAI is the only food risk prediction software that helps food safety professionals predict what is about to happen in their supply chain. The embedded innovative prediction algorithms in FOODAKAI have more than 80% accuracy and help our customers predict what will appear in the food safety supply chain within the next 12 months. Having this information on a real-time basis, our customers will be able to have a constant eye on critical & relevant food safety incidents and identify emerging risks in an effective and timely manner. We are extremely customer-focused and We listen to our customers and develop new features and offerings all the time. It is part of our process, every 3 months something new in our platform and every year something completely new. Our customers are the first that try new things, before anyone else.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Agroknow is a reliable partner with significant experience in food safety data analytics and a high focus on customer success and innovation. We invest in innovation, reflecting on the future needs of our customers and working systematically on developing new innovative services that cannot be found to competitive solutions, like automated risk predictions. FOODAKAI is the only food risk prediction software that helps our customers predict what is about to happen in their supply chain within the next 12 months. Additional FOODAKAI features make our product unique in comparison to the competition, like the instant alerts with an individual email alert sent at the time of food safety incident collection and the tailor-made reports module that can be used to answer any business-critical question about food safety incidents. Our funding needs to focus on further enrichments of the risk prediction feature with more accurate and tested algorithms covering a wide range of food products and ingredients.
Agroknow is the food safety intelligence company that helps food safety and quality teams predict food risks and take better informed preventive measures. Focusing on food safety challenges in the global supply chain, we have realised that food safety professionals are overwhelmed with data, that need to be considered when it comes to food safety decisions, planning and prevention. However, the extreme volume of data, combined with the fact that they are coming in multiple formats, from different sources and in different languages have made it extremely difficult for them to process and analyse these data by themselves, in a meaningful and timely manner. At the same time, food safety professionals have limited time and resources, but also a huge responsibility, to ensure that the food we all consume is safe. Taking this into account, Agroknow uses food safety data and in-house technology to support food safety professionals to achieve this significant mission and transform food safety