Our team combines world-class engineering experience at all levels, with strong market knowledge and business development skills. GIVE is a visionary design and engineering company based in Athens, founded in 2016. Focused on the values and passions of its founders and engineers, GIVE managed to grow significantly creating a strong web of partners and clients from the automotive, aerospace and energy sectors, bringing a fresh approach to design, analysis and optimisation of complex and innovative products. Founded by a former Formula 1 engineer, an Aerospace engineer and an MBA professional, GIVE has created a well-rounded team of professionals and a fast-growing team of motivated younger engineers, with the skills and experience, necessary to successfully bring new high-tech products to the market.We project for a total of 37 jobs (26 production engineers and technicians + 5 engineers + 6 admin) to be created directly at GIVE during the first 5-years with many more expected across the supply chain.). It is expected that these will be a mixture of highly skilled engineering positions and non-skilled technical jobs for the production floor. GIVE, inspired and guided by its vision, created a holistic recruiting plan tailored to the needs of the local market on the basis of the “Universum Recruitment Funnel”.
Developing smart micro-mobility solutions and the future of urban transportation
GIVE is looking for a €1.1M investment, part of which has already been conditionally found from old and new shareholders. The investment will allow GIVE to (1) Set-up the production facility with the technology and method described above, (2) finalize the vehicle (moulds, design fof manufacturing), (3) finalize certification process, (4) grow the human and physical resources to successfully start operation and finally, (5) launch ilektra to the market. With a starting selling price of €3k per unit and a pilot launch only in the Greek market, we estimate approx. 5k units sold in the first 5 commercial years giving us a forecasted accumulated turnover of €20M and an average gross profit of €2M annually. Considering all capital and operating expenses (CAPEX and OPEX), we reach breakeven on the second year.Besides the calculated and obvious returns from the direct sales of the vehicle, we believe there is significant business and financial opportunity in the technology created in systems level, but also in the attraction of ‘in-demand’ projects. We are already in discussions with interested parties for independent commercialization of parts (for example the use of our batteries and BMS system in home storage applications, as well as our unique Industry 4.0 facilities for small series productions of specialized vehicles.
GIVE has developed “ilektra”, an innovative two-wheeled electric vehicle for urban use (now in TRL7 with 2 working prototypes and 3 test vehicles) with 180km range, top speed of 80km/h and a three battery detachable concept for charging anywhere. In the core of our game-changing concept lies also our branded concept “You design. We Make. Together we Operate” which offers a “consumer-centric user experience”. Taking a completely new approach, we created a revolutionary offering, that starts from the way we design and approach our customers, goes through the vehicle life-cycle and ends at the end-of-life and recycling of the vehicle. The customer is at the center, with, the vehicle design, its maintenance and servicing, its updates depending on use, and the end-of-life, all personalized at every step. Our concept is based on three main innovations, the digital twining technology, the electronics and battery management system as well as the innovative assembly approach.
- Started with 8k€ of personal capital from the founders.- GIVE is accepted at the Technological Park "Lefkippos", NCSR "DEMOKRITOS" as a startup company- Within two years GIVE secured a 350k€ angel investment to pass the first phase and complete the prototype phase. We have now 3 full prototypes for testing and marketing.- Vehicles are ready for the next phase of certification and launch of production.- Looking for the next round investment to drive the next development stages. Steps remaining are: 1) Certification, 2) Assembly facility setup, 3) Market LaunchGIVE -to-date- has no traction from sales of its vehicles, but has numerous automotive clients with revenues growing significantly for project work on demand, based on GIVE's extended expertise in the field.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Exploiting our ever-growing technical know-how through our continuous work in innovative projects and our focus in internal R&D, as well as by creating more partnership and strategic alliances, GIVE develops a family of products revolved around urban mobility and vehicle engineering, that complement each other and maximise the gain towards a sustainable eco-system of the future.We have developed and want to drive to production and the market the first Greek electric vehicle, a new innovative and fresh approach. Our vehicle combines a modern look, a futuristic simplicity and friendliness for the user with a series of technical innovations. Entering the market -and entering at this moment of “revolution of transport”- we target to play a key role in promoting a greener and cleaner future, based on technology and lean management.GIVE is a technology & engineering business that provides technical innovation in the automotive field and especially vehicle electrification, developing innovative products and supporting new developments with advanced analysis and engineering methods. Today we have clients from China to US growing every year in project revenues and mostly project ‘intensity’.
Our competitive advantages - besides technical performance & characteristics - lie in three main aspects. 1) our technology VIBRO, aimed to encompass a systematic approach that links the digital model, the assembly twin and the service twins for each deployed asset, unleashes the full potential of Digital Twins across the life-cycle. Purpose of this technology is to bring all benefits to the user in the forms of cost, unique, robust and quality products and personalized after-sales and support when needed or required. 2) State-of-art vehicle manufacturing: GIVE approaches the manufacturing process in a new way, directly targeting three of the Industry 4.0 principles (1) Modularity (2) Interoperability and (3) Human aspects. We created a game-changing approach for small to medium vehicle series production, that combines the F1 production system with an IKEA style assembly. 3) Battery system and BMS. 4) all above technical innovations, returns to the business concept namely “You Design. We Make. Together we operate” with which we create a business approach with our customers at the center throughout the lifetime of their personal mobility solution. Each customer designs online his unique vehicle with personalization going from custom color schemes and graphics all the way to power, energy management, comfort and driving modes, the level of human-vehicle interaction, and much more.