We are seeking to raise €3.5M to invest in infrastructure and talent in order to implement our business plan in our beachhead market.
We have designed, implemented and installed our technology at an early adopter - a juice producing industry in eastern Peloponnese. Currently, the pilot unit is operational and we are streamlining the process and optimising it order to fit our innovative business model which is based on the principles of circular economy.
Agriculture accounts for 85% of the global water consumption and along with the fact that the global population is expected to reach 10 billion people by 2050, it is estimated that agricultural production will haveto increase by 70%. This will exert great pressure tofresh water reserves making water recycling imperative for the foreseeable future. With our tech we are addressing the food processing sector which is particularly water intensive and follows wasteful practices, assisting them in taking the step towards the circular usage of water and towards building more circular business models.Our product offers:- reduced water costs by remediating and reusing wastewater- reduction of pollution emitted to the environment- improvement of revenue from the exploitation of nutrients or Value-Added Compounds, or VACs, present in wastewater- tools for industries to achieve ESG goals
Greener than Green Technologies SA (GtG) is active in R&D and marketing of disruptive water and wastewater remediation technologies and methodologies for the circular usage of water providing valuable tools for the transition of industries and communities towards a circular economy model. In cases where high interest and value-added compounds are present in the waste, these can be reclaimed, purified and reused, minimising production cost, or can be commercially exploited, thus, turning waste into a resource.Established in 2014, we are start-up company that sprung out of pioneering university research. Our research efforts are funded by private capital as well as EU grants and we continuously seeking synergies in both the industrial and research partners. Since 2019 we are marketing and promoting in Greece and the wider southeastern European area novel and innovative environmental technologies.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
R&D and marketing of disruptive environmental technologies for the cicular usage of water
We are addressing any water intensive, water conscious industry, or any industry that intends to reduce it’s water consumption and water footprint or aiming to transition to more circular economy models. The EU water recycling Market size is estimated at 2.9M in 2021 with a CAGR 10% while the Greek (beachhead) Market size is estimated 60M growing at a similar rate. With the VAC we are addressing the global markets of:- Phytomedicines and herbal extracts  - Natural cosmetics - Nutraceuticals and dietary supplement.Phytomedicines and herbal extracts market is expected to reach USD 8.26 billion by 2027 growing at a growth CAGR of 7.45% between 2020 to 2027. The global natural cosmetics market size is expected to reach USD 54.5 billion in 2027 and is projected to register a CAGR of 5.01% from 2018 to 2027. The global nutraceutical market size was valued at 313.2 billion euros in 2019 and is expected to expand at a CAGR of 8.3% between 2020 and 2027.
Greener than Green Technologies was founded and is managed by a dynamic young, yet seasoned and experienced team, with expertise in environmental technologies, water remediation, management and marketing of novel technologies.