On a mission to upscale the cybersecurity skills of every professional and organization in the world
The recent Series A funding will be used for delivering even more innovative solutions to the Cyber Security field and for expanding to the US. At the moment, the company’s funding needs are covered.
Hack The Box’s journey started in 2017 with the founding team’s aspiration to make cybersecurity training accessible to everyone. Today, Hack The Box has one of the world’s largest ethical hacker communities with over 500,000 platform members with diverse IT backgrounds, from beginners to experts. The players are challenged to learn through “attacking” virtual vulnerable labs - advancing their adversarial security skills in a simulated, gamified, and safe test environment. - 500,000 platform members in less than four years, through the power of word of mouth, and with a hacking invite challenge (in order to sign up you need to hack your way in).- Employee growth: 3 founding members from 2017 until 2019, ~90 employees today (April 2021), to be 200 by end of 2022. - Over 19 million hours of total "play" time and 2.4 million "flag submissions" since launch.- One million Parrot Linux OS installs in just the last quarter.- Over 1,000% ARR growth over the past two years while remaining cash-positive. Stable and positive growth in sales and revenues (280% and 130% growth on turnovers year-on-year).- More than 800 organizations (including governments and Fortune 500 companies across every industry vertical) and 550 academic institutions from all around the world have joined the platform to level up their adversarial capabilities. - Launched in November 2020, Hack The Box Academy surpassed 250,000 visitors in its first three months.
Our B2C product portfolio includes everything around guided and exploratory cybersecurity training. Our members can:- “Learn” the theory with our online and highly interactive cybersecurity courses (HTB Academy) - “Grow” as professionals through practical training (Hacking Labs)- “Compete” with others and put their skills to the test (CTFs and Hacking Battlegrounds)- “Get certified” and skyrocket their career (more on that soon) - “Get hired” through our “CyberSec Careers” portal Our B2B customers can:- “Train” their cyber force through self-paced, practical, fully gamified Cybersecurity Training Labs; the only way to maintain a well-trained and attack-ready cybersecurity team - “Engage” their employees and boost morale with gamified team building (tailored CTFs and the upcoming Cyber Range platform)- “Educate” their employees through HTB Academy for Business (more on that soon) - “Certify” their teams - “Hire” the best industry talent (Talent Search portal)
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
All three founders of Hack The Box have a strong IT/Cybersecurity background. The CEO has over 15 years of experience, serving as a Security Engineer and Manager for many years in a major shipping company. The CTO was a Senior Developer and avid ethical hacker in his spare time, while the CCO was Channel/Sales Manager and Head of IT in a number of prominent Information Security companies.
Hack The Box has a relentless focus on product quality and rapid innovation. The team is constantly providing fresh and curated training content, into a fully gamified and intuitive environment. Part of this high-quality content is free for the community, due to its freemium model and as part of the company’s mission to make cybersecurity training accessible to everyone. Hack The Box is the pioneer in providing web-based cybersecurity hands-on exercises, enabling individuals and companies to tackle real-world hacking problems. In Oct 2020, the company introduced Hacking Battlegrounds, a form of hacking esports through real-time multiplayer hacking games. And in Nov 2020, the company managed to “complete” its 360° training product portfolio by adding to its exploratory adversarial training content, HTB Academy. A new guided learning platform offering online and highly interactive cybersecurity courses. The future looks even more promising as the team is set to invest heavily in R&D and product innovation. Features coming up: framework skill-mapping, hybrid/cloud labs, and candidate assessment environments. Key USPs:- fully cloud-based and easily accessible service - engaged and passionate community- unique & proprietary (we hold the IPs) training content that is updated on a weekly basis(provided by the community, thus always up-to-date)- a fully gamified training environment which augments the training experience and user engagement (game elements such leaderboards, po
Hack The Box is an online training platform and rapidly growing hacking community, counting 500,000 members in less than four years. The platform allows users to practice and level up their cybersecurity skills through a hands-on, self-paced, and gamified learning experience. From hundreds of constantly updated virtual hacking labs to a plethora of interactive courses at HTB Academy, Hack The Box is on a mission to upscale the cybersecurity capabilities of every professional and organization in the world by making cybersecurity training accessible to everyone.