In order to achieve our short term goals, the company requires an expected capital of 300K€ to cover mainly engineering and marketing personnel costs.
Existing solutions include different products from different companies for sleep study scoring and home sleep testing with the use of a mobile phone or separate devices.Our approach covers all the above. We plan to provide one solution that includes Artificial Intelligence (AI) sleep scoring and analysis of diagnostic center sleep studies and an easy to use prescreening tool that can help reduce undiagnosed cases / broaden customer base.The prescreening tool will be browser based and all devices with a microphone such as mobile phones, desktops, laptops or tablets can be used without the need for any software installation. Browser app can also be combined with external (bluetooth / usb) sensors for possibly increased accuracy.The prevalence of Sleep Apnea is high in the elderly population and remains underdiagnosed owing to factors such as lack of awareness among people and non-specific presentation of the disease. The growing geriatric population due to increasing life expectancy is expected to lead to a rise in the prevalence of sleep disorders. Our clients are mainly sleep diagnostic centers as well as patients in need for home sleep testing.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Regarding Sleep Apnea automated screening, detection and analysis, HDTE plans to offer: i) A deep learning platform for automated sleep scoring, using vendor-agnostic polysomnography data. The effort required from medical staff to analyze polysomnography data will be significantly decreased while over/under-estimation of AHI will be virtually eliminated leading to optimal OSASH patient management. ii) A cross-platform, browser-based software solution for suspected OSAHS patient screening employing a simple, hassle free interface. The basic reporting functionality will be provided solemnly through audio analysis while the inclusion of additional sensors to improve accuracy will be possible.
2020 - Validation of our deep learning algorithms using publicly available databases2021 - Development of Sleep scoring software prototype. Development and testing of the web based prescreening tool alpha version.2022 – Customer friendly version of our tools. Cooperation with sleep study centers in order to test and improve our tools. Clinical validation and EMA/FDA approvals.2023 and beyond – Business expansion globally. Development of on site support and marketing teams
Novel electronic systems for Signal Acquisition and Processing, emphasizing in audio signals.
Hellenic Development and Testing Electronics (HDTE) was established in 2019 as a Piraeus University of Applied Sciences (today University of West Attica - UniWA) spin-off.The company founders carry over 20 years of experience in the electronics and communications sector with business placements ranging from novel system design to large-scale multinational project management.HDTE aims to develop novel electronic systems for Signal Acquisition and Processing, emphasizing but not restricted to audio signals. HDTE focuses today in the area of Sleep Apnea automated screening, detection and analysis.
The company founders carry over 20 years of both Industrial and Academic experience in Digital Signal Processing, Audio, Complex System, Machine Learning and Wireless Communications and more. The area of Sleep Monitoring via audio is multidisciplinary in its nature, requiring deep knowledge of - at the very least - the above mentioned engineering sectors. We plan to recruit a team of expert engineers to develop our envisaged solutions as well as invest in marketing activities such as participation in conferences, online advertising, journal articles and webinars.