Open for funded programms and collaborations for Horizon 2020 framework as well as ESPA.
The HI-THS family of products of uncooled thermal cameras & systems provides unparalleled advantage over day/night conditions, allowing for fast detection and identification of targets through dust, smoke, haze, and other atmospheric obscurants. This product line enhances the effectiveness of the Hellenic Army and especially, those who serve on the Greek-Turkey borders. The RESPOND A (HORIZON 2020) project aims to create next-generation equipment tools and mission-critical strategies for First Responders. RESPOND-A introduces a unique five-tier project architectural structure for best associating modern telecommunications technology with novel practices for First Responders of saving lives, while safeguarding themselves, more effectively and efficiently. ELAIONAS (ESPA) project comes as an innovative system for developing a portable and user-friendly electrochemical biosensing platform for specific detection of insecticides and phthalate residues in olive oil.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Hellenic Instruments specializes in the design & development of advanced electronic systems
Hellenic Instruments’ experienced and qualified engineers emphasize on designing high performing and ergonomically advanced systems that allow straightforward integration on existing multi-purpose architectures. Hellenic Instruments products aid on lowering development and application risks, keeping quality, innovation and adaptability on top priority. Our commitment is to deliver products and services that are safe, compliant and of the highest quality, essential for achieving our ambition to be recognized and trusted as a Defence & Aerospace Industry. Despite the high demand for electronic equipment, there are few manufacturers of high-tech products which design, develop and manufacture advanced electronic systems. Our company has been awarded the 1st Prize for New-enterprise Productive Excellence at Made In Greece Awards 2017. The key competitive advantage of Hellenic Instruments is the highly competent personnel and the technologically advanced services that we perform: Mechanical Design, Electronic Design, Modelling and Control, Software Development, Embedded Systems, Rapid Prototype Realization, System Integration, Testing.
Hellenic Instruments specializes in the design, development and manufacturing of advanced military and industrial electronic systems, providing innovative solutions, and enabling access in emerging technologies to customers around the globe. Hellenic Instruments gives solutions in the following areas: Monitoring & Control Systems (Data Acquisition, Management and Analytics), Telecommunication Systems and IOT Smart Sensor Devices, Security and Surveillance Integrated Systems & Electro-Optics, Ammunition Subsystems and Fuzes. Greece, being the Europe’s main gateway of illegal immigrants coming from Asia and Africa, has received a large amount of funding from EU as a support to fight against illegal immigration. For this reason, Hellenic Instruments has designed a series of thermal surveillance cameras as well as autonomous monitoring systems for 24/7 observation and tracking of potential targets. Applications include Law enforcement, Maritime, Search & Rescue, Border & Surveillance.
Hellenic Instruments, since its establishment on 2016 have achieved significant milestones so far: 2016: Company Registration, Initiation of HK-MOFA Multi-option Fuze product, Initiation of several product concepts 2017: Obtained ISO9001:2015, Obtained NATO EU-Secret for personnel, Release of PTU product line, Release of Uncool Thermal Scope product line, Release of Mobile Surveillance System product line, Awarded the 1st prize for New-Enterprise Productive Excellence at “Made in Greece Awards 2017” 2018: Release of Multi-sensor Marine System product, Awarded national grant for ELEONAS (ESPA) project, Evaluated by the National Documentation Centre with an overall score of 68%. 2019: Released the Vessel Remote Monitoring System product, Obtained NATO Facility Security Clearance, Signed agreement with Genasys Inc. for exclusive distribution rights of LRAD units in Greece and Cyprus. 2020: Release of product HK-MOFA Multi-option Fuze, Awarded EU HO2020 project RESPOND-A and EDIDP DECISMAR.
- Dr Ermis Koutsos (co-founder of HELLENIC INSTRUMENTS): Expert in advanced integrated circuits and embedded systems. PhD from Imperial College London (UK) in the area of low power signal processing systems and integrated circuits. - Mr Alexandros Koutsos (co-founder of HELLENIC INSTRUMENTS): Expert in analogue and Digital Integrated Circuits Design. MSc from Imperial College London (UK) in the area of low power signal processing systems and integrated circuits. - Mr Angelos Iliakidis Electronic Engineer and Software Engineer: Electrical and Computer Engineering of University of Patras. - Mr George Kazantzidis: Technological Institute of Patras, acquiring his Bachelor in "Business Planning and Information Systems" and is a certified Project Manager (holder of the PMI-PMP certificate), - Ms Eirini Vlavianou: BSc and MSc degree from Democritus University of Thrace in Production and Management Engineering.