Helvia's innovative solutions are available as SaaS, guaranteeing full scalability at an international level.Helvia Portal+ transforms the Experience Management portals, moving away from “rigid” websites, providing unique interactive experiences in a plug and play way. Helvia Chatbricks offers the following fundamental modes of human-bot interaction as building blocks for experience management business cases: ● Question-answering● Workflows of guided action● Interactive tutorials of in the manner of micro-learning experiences● Data collection in the manner of personal interactive interviews● Personalized search results in the manner of preference elicitation via interview with an expert● Configurable handover/escalation to human operators.Helvia Chatbricks provides enterprise-level features, including single-sign-on, a bot observatory for creating and managing portals, powerful analytics, and role-based access-control for advanced governance. Moreover, Helvia Chatbricks features NLU+ middleware, a novel module for authoring and managing conversations based on the notion of story-nodes that form short stories with a beginning-middle-end. The SaaS and plug and play nature allows full scalability. HRwiz is built in a fully scalable model, aiming to serve a growing global market. The plug and play nature of HRwiz combined with a fully functional administration console, enables the SaaS adoption by a large number of customers without customization services.
Products powered by Helvia include:● Portal+: A one-stop shop delivering interactive chat portals for Account Management, Lead Management, Candidate Prescreening. The platform combines a bot development framework with powerful conversation management and connects to a variety of chat and voice platforms such as Microsoft Teams, WhatsApp, Messenger, Viber, SMS, as well as standalone web and mobile applications.● MS Teams HRwiz: A Human Resources bot that lives inside Microsoft Teams and helps achieve great Employee Experience, ‘Disappearing’ HRM. Through HRwiz organizations can:- Simplify the onboarding process - Welcome employees to Teams with a built-in interactive chat experience.- Make training easy and fun - Help employees with common questions on compliance, company culture, internal processes, and systems.- Improve engagement: Schedule polls, quizzes, and broadcasts to drive engagement, collect valuable feedback, all within the chat the employees use at work. ● MS Teams Live-chat: A plug-n-play Customer Support solution, integrated in MS Teams.
Helvia is committed to transform communication for companies by harnessing the power of Language AI. At Helvia we believe that Artificial Intelligence is the key to unlocking the modern world of information. With our solutions, companies can interact with their customers and employees in a more effective and engaging way than ever before.Helvia’s end-to-end solutions enable business owners to offer a premium experience for those that matter the most: ● Customer Experience (CX): Providing customer support, account management for B2B clients and suppliers, lead generation, with built-in Live-chat and Ticketing service● Employee Experience (EX): Self-serve Employee Portal for payroll, time-off & holidays, Onboarding, Microlearning, Candidate Screening, Built-in HRMS & Ticketing● Your Experience (YX): Tailored solutions for companies to accelerate their businessBenefits include:● Engaging users in every channel (omni-channel) with continuity● Boosting productivity and employee satisfaction● Bespoke solutions according to each organization needs● Easy Deployment / no-code knowledge needed● Out of the box Integrations with all major business platforms (CRM, HCM, ATS, etc.)
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Helvia’s team of more than 30 Conversational AI experts has thorough technological background, immerse experience and deep understanding of current trends and techniques. We are passionate with what we do and we understand what it takes to get great results. Stavros Vassos, Helvia Co-Founder, CEO: PhD & MSc in AI from University of Toronto, BSc &MSc in Electrical & Computer Engineering from NTUA. Passionate about AI as an interface to the modern computing world. He has worked as a professor in the Sapienza University of Rome where he taught MSc and PhD courses about AI and Interaction Design. He holds an award from the AAAI association for AI for his research in action-driven frameworks.Dimi Balaouras, Helvia Co-Founder, CTO: BSc & MSc in Electrical & Computer Engineering from AUTH. Versatile and passionate full-stack Software Architect with 20+ years of experience in designing and leading enterprise-scale Software Solutions. He has worked for several international organizations, including CA Technologies as a Software Architect and Team Lead driving the Enterprise Solutions for Application Performance Monitoring and Enterprise Security.
Helvia transforms Customer Experience (CX) & Employee Experience (EX) with the power of Language AI
Helvia Chatbricks has been employed in commercial solutions, both as a standalone development platform and as a middleware handling the dialog management of chat-based automations.Commercial milestones2018: Contract with strategic client: “Kelly Services” (https://www.kellyservices.com/), one of the biggest staffing agencies in the US having 90 of the Fortune 100 as clients. Roadmap for automation solutions serving different departments of the organization, globally, based on the Helvia framework2020: Strategic client upgrades HRwiz as the designated bot automation vendor for HR.2020: HRwiz becomes available on the Teams and Microsoft stores; over 1000 organizations have installed HRwiz2020: COVID-19 symptom checker added in HRwizAwards/Distinctions2018: StartUp Awards ΕΒΕΑ/Attica Region - 3rd place Early startup award and Company award 2018: Incubation at the Athens Startup Business Incubator (http://www.theathensincube.gr/)2020: Selected as one of the 300 exhibitors at the Startup Grind Global in SF/Bay area (https://startupgrind.tech/conference/)Research and Innovation2017: EU Horizon 2020 Seal of excellence on Verifiable Chat Dialogues2021: EU Horizon 2020 project LAW-GAME: An Interactive, Collaborative Digital Gamification Approach to Effective Experiential Training and Prediction of Criminal Actions. Helvia is leading the experience management component for virtual training scenarios in a videogame environment using HBF.
We are looking for funding in order to achieve the below goals:● Expand our tech team in order to perform deep integrations with RPA platforms and HRMS systems, placing HRwiz in the center of Human Capital Experience Management ● Upgrade the commercial side of the company with Sales Executives and Sales Development Representatives for expanding our market reach and fine-tune our product-market fit in the HR / Future of Work space ● Increase Research and Innovation activities on Process Mining and self-adapting Process Automation For further information, please feel free to drop us a line at investing@helvia.io.