We created HERADO with the ambition that it will be evolved to be a game changer in the radiation protection applications. The radiation is invisible but a real threat for the health of theworkers using radiation. An active dosimeter having high sensitivity, accuracy, small dimensions and easy to be used is necessary. Up to Know we use mainly passive dosimeters, these means that they are no informations on real time in order to be protected. HERADO is developing patented personal radiation dosimeter the only dosimeter at international level capableof measuring and separating - in real time and with high accuracy -, Proton, Gamma, X-Ray, Neutron and heavy ions .With High added value to the customers provided data management and device management Software As A Servises cloud based with GDPR compliance.
10.000.000 for 600.000.000 turnover in the next 4 years.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
HERADO is a company with a large potential. Our product has unique characteristics, high growth and commercial prospects at an international level as well as the dynamism to create many new and well paid jobs. It is already developing, with hard work from our team into a promising product, recognized already by the top experts at NASA.HERADO is a dynamic company with a concrete business plan. Its product combines a strong academic, scientific and research background on the field of space and radiation for more than 15 years. We are a complementary team with strong research background and business experience in the medical sector.Our vision is to prevent any consequences of the radioactivity in the working environment, using our knowledge of space technology so as to contribute in a better quality of life. Our vision is to change the game in radiation protection application. HERADO’s commercialization will bring to market the world’s most cost-ompetitive, active radiation dosimeter,aspiring to become one of the most successful technology transfer cases
Our company is targeting a very large market range. Speaking for medical sector alone this is estimated at 30 billion dollars today. At the same time though products like our dosimeter have multiple applications in many areas such as aviation, army, protection of senior people, security at ports, airports, cargo, borders, embassies, ministries, mines, oil facilities and in general wherever radiation can be found the total market today is 178 b.
HERADO’s dosimeter was recognized by international radiation expert evaluators on the field as the most promising technology with a potential to replace all the excising technology.Until today, HERADO is the only Greek company and the only European Company that has signed a collaboration agreement with NASA and the German Aerospace Center DLR as a co-investigator in one of NASA’s most grandiose projects, under the strictest standards: The Artemis-1 mission with Orion NASA vehicle and its historical mission to the Moon. This is the biggest project of NASA for the 21 century. This certifies the quality and the innovation of our system and our team.
Our 12 persons technical team gathers to meet the high expectations of our customers in terms of quality, reliability and flexibility. Whatever the nature of your needs in terms of radiation, our teams are able to assist you and to bring you the most appropriate solutions.Up until now, HERADO has been working with the world’s leading space agencies. We are also proud to collaborate with many prestigious research laboratories and universities.The HERADO group company has 2 complementary division. One strong interdisciplinary section of research and development, having more than 15 years of experience and collaboration in the field and one marketing division. This division has experience and collaborations on the health and Space market, having key partners like NASA, DLR, Lockheed MartinAccording to HERADO’s business plan for the next 3 years we are planning to create many new and well paid jobs.