The Innovation and competitive advantage of Agromet services platform lies in its holistic approach of supporting the decision making at all stages of the cultivation, with actual data derived from the field. Compared to the competition, the most popular services offered today are based solely on satellite and/or lidar data for the provision of digital agronomic services, while Agromet services rely on IoT sensor technologies that are installed on the field.The sensor based information with the use of A.I. models, transforms to actionable insights for the user, making decision making easier and faster. More importantly, these insights arrive on time so that the user can be proactive and not reactive to what’s happening on the field. Having all this information readily available on any type of smart mobile device makes Agromet Services platform the perfect means to transcend to Digital Agriculture 4.0. The platform has been designed by experts on digital farming and Precision agriculture, and is supported by the most competent team in Precision Farmingtechnologies in Greece.In addition to the above, the position of our company as the leading equipment provider of Precision Agriculture equipment provides the best foundation for an expansion to the digital services offering, with a big clientele already in place, which in turn allows for an easier access to the end user since the provision of such services can enhance their existing equipment even more.
We help farmers and agronomists to improve their farming application providing value farming data.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Funding of the company needs for:1) Further development in new products and services. 2) Sales Development of Agromet Services3) Products Marketing
Agromet Services platform is a digital farming solution that combines modern IoT sensors with agronomic science in a holistic way to enhance decision making in farming activities regardless of crop type and field size. Designed on three pillars, Agromet platform provides three different services:● Agromet Meteo service provides access to accurate agro-meteorological data at field level, as well as warnings of fungal diseases, so that agronomists decide for all the farming applications.● Agromet Pests service offers remote monitoring of the growth of the enemies of the crop, with images, graphs and models for forecasting the evolution.● Agromet Maps service provides remote monitoring of fields using satellite data. The user gets information about the crop evolution, identifies problematic zones in the fields that are not visible to the naked eye and acts accordingly. Combined with the advanced map service, gerenerates variable rate application maps for fertilizer use.
While Agromet company is a startup, its founding members have been in the precision farming game for more than 10 years with different business schemes. Agromet was born out of Tractorgps Ltd company, a company founded in 2016, with business activity in the Precision Agriculture equipment industry, referring to the markets of Cyprus, Bulgaria, North Macedonia, etc. The founder of Tractorgps and Agromet, Mr. Zamidis started offering part of today's products and services back in 2010 through the family owned manufacturing company Zamidis Ag Machinery. He then transformed the business operations to different specialized business schemes, like Tractorgps Ltd and Agromet PC, while the family owned manufacturing company Zamidis remained at its initial business activity.The team currently consists of 15 people, fully specialized in the precision agriculture sector. A colourful cocktail of individuals bringing a unique skill set to enhance and progress the company.
Agromet through its release of products and services has made important advances in the Greek market the last three years.It is important to mention that Agromet Services in specific,have been chosen by important companies of the industry like Corteva Agriscience,BASF,Novacert,as well as research institutions like the American Farm School of Thessaloniki and many others,to assist them with their crop monitoring needs.Apart from Agromet Services,Agromet company has been constantly improving and extending its portfolio,expanding and diversifying its market audience with more sophisticated solutions,incorporating the latest technologies for modern farming.As it was mentioned above,only the last two years,Agromet’s R&D projects has been chosen in more than 10 European and national research programs for its innovative products and services in smart farming and livestock management,a strong indicator of the company’s dynamic for further development and its focus on continuous improvement.