The added value of the HOLISTIC EMS consists in correlating various types of data from different sources, hence integrating different systems, in order to optimise and achieve intelligent energy management of buildings, and, potentially, districts / cities. The degree of generalization of the HOLISTIC EMS makes this advanced tool easily adaptable to buildings / cities with different features regarding, for example, types of buildings, energy infrastructures and energy demand and not just focused on specific sectors. All these aspects open more opportunities and offer greater business potential in the market for an intelligent energy system as the one offered by HOLISTIC.
The increasing adoption of leading-edge ICTs technologies, such as IoT, AI, DLT/blockchain and big data constitutes an unprecedented market opportunity for improving the energy efficiency along the building sector and its lifecycle, and for better managing energy consumption and generation at building, district and city level. Energy data not only include the massive smart meter reading data, but also the huge amount of data from other sources (weather / climate data, building stock auditing, comfort levels, etc.). In this context, we provide a “data-driven” EMS that encounters the inherent barriers of the analytical, simulation based tools, which are building / sector specific, enabling thus the plug in of different infrastructures that generate streams of data, their modelling and further processing, through machine learning algorithms, in order to produce short-term actions. Based on real-time data monitored (e.g. weather conditions, buildings’ energy profiles, occupants’ feedback, energy prices, energy production) and predicted data produced by the prediction models (e.g. forecasting energy production, energy consumption), HOLISTIC EMS generates action plans for the energy managers and energy end-users (e.g. scheduling and management of the occupancy, set point temperature, on/off of the heating system; management of the air side economizer; scheduling the PV maintenance; scheduling the energy flows towards energy cost optimization).
HOLISTIC team consists of qualified and experienced professional engineers in the fields of ICT and energy, and marketing/communication specialists.
HOLISTIC is looking for funding opportunities to expand its services, integrating additional energy systems and domains (e.g. sustainable urban mobility, public lighting, etc.).
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
“Data-Driven” Energy Management Solution for cities, energy companies, facility managers & occupants
A first protype is already available. The solution has been installed in different types of buildings across Europe. New pilot applications within the framework of the H2020 MATRYCS project have been scheduled. Networking / partnerships with major stakeholders have been established.
HOLISTIC offers a “data-driven” Energy Management Solution (EMS) for local authorities, energy service companies, energy suppliers, facility managers, as well as building occupants.