With 4 products already on the market, a few on the way and hundreds of customers, we aim to expand our operations abroad. We are looking to cover marketing, sales, inventory and R&D costs
Our company's market entry (Greece) was back in Jan 2018 with our first device HAM DinSwitch. At Feb 2019, we rolled out three new devices HAM Plug, HAM LightSwitch and HAM ThermoSense. At the end of 2019 we had over a 1000 registered users on our platform.At January 2021, we entered the European market with our best-selling device HAM ThermoSense and released 7 new Smart Home devices.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Every device we are offering is designed in such a manner as to satisfy our user's TRUE needs and solve his/her REAL problems. From the constant feedback we get from our customers we are able to design new devices that tackle a clear problem that our users encounter. Our platform is fully featured giving the user the ability to receive powerful and meaningful analytics for useful insights and tips and remote control his devices wherever he is via smartphone or web app. In addition, money and energy savings come with our automation rules and our artificial intelligence.All the aforementioned, combined with our agile and fast device and software development processes make us great in developing cutting edge products for our users and keep us ahead of the competition.Having designed our system (devices and software) from scratch, we have no dependencies and no limitations in what our platform can do.
Panagiotis Pampalos (CEO) is an Electrical and Computer Engineer graduated from Aristotle University of Thessaloniki, Greece. He is the business lead of HAM and a hardware developer. Lefteris Chatzipetrou (CTO) is an Electrical and Computer Engineer graduated from Aristotle University of Thessaloniki, Greece. He is responsible for the full HAM stack, from circuit design to web services.Panagiotis and Lefteris, the two co-founders, met at the Aristotle University of Thessaloniki, about 10 years ago. The have been friends from the beginning and have made a lot of university projects together.
Efficient resource use, lower energy waste, meaningful analytics, remote control and monitoring are key for the upcoming years. In a fast-paced society where the user wants to automate every aspect of his life, electrical devices are an obvious starting point. Being able to control and monitor his electrical devices remotely, without having to compromise his comfort, his aesthetics or pay a ton of money is of great value.HAM specializes in Internet-of-Things and Remote Management. With an easy to use, interconnected platform that consists of both software (website/app) and hardware (devices), the user can be informed and take action for any electrical device, wherever he or she may be.Using our platform anyone could monitor his energy and power consumption and get useful insights. Businesses could use this kind of information in order to reduce their energy footprint and electricity bills. Not being able to remotely control electrical appliances is a wasted potential in energy savings.
Our company, HAM Systems, offers truly innovative and useful consumer electronics and software. The company specializes in Internet-of-Things and Remote Management. With an easy to use, interconnected platform that consists of both software (website/app) and hardware (devices), the user can be informed and take action for any electrical device, wherever he or she may be. HAM devices are unobtrusive and don't disrupt your environment. HAM software is simple to use and elegant, while fully featured, being able to meet all of the users' needs.