Home Inspection is a company that provides examination, evaluation and reporting of a real estate property and all of its components. In order to further develop our services we develop a platform providing clients affordable expert advice and supporting online real time consultations.
Home Inspection is a company that will inspect property and provide all necessary information giving the client a report that will contribute to making the best choice and securing his investmentHome Inspection is a non-destructive examination and evaluation of the condition of a real estate property and all of its systems, through the assistance of specialized and cutting edge equipment.It is carried out exclusively by experienced, specialized and certified personnel, and our goal is to be considered indispensable before any transaction involving a house. In addition to all above, we develop a platform called XperTalk. A platform where one can search for professionals who have the ability to serve their customers live online through the platform. The clients will be able to choose the professional they wish to meet with, through the platform's marketplace, and will have the ability to have an online meeting with them with a pay per talk fee.
With our Home Inspection services already on the market our funding will be focused to further develop the online platform
The Home Inspection/ XperTalk team at the moment consists of 3 members, all of them engineers: - Filippos Charavgis is an MSc Civil Engineer with an MSc in Construction Management & Engineering, and an MSc in Information Systems. In addition to the engineering field, he has experience with Python, PHP, HTML, CSS, SQL and Java. He will be in charge of the software development team that will consist of 2 back end engineers, one front end engineer and a data scientist/machine learning engineer. - Giannis Charavgis is an MSc Civil Engineer with a M.B.A. He has 15 years of experience in the construction - engineering business. He will be in charge of business development and marketing of the XperTalk platform, and oversight of operations.- Thanasis Drakoulis is an MSc Electrical Engineer. He has 20 years of experience in the construction - engineering business.He will be in charge of recruiting and assessing the various fields’ experts.
Examination, evaluation and reporting of the condition of a real estate property and all its systems
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Our company was founded in 2017 and successfully completed the ΕΣΠΑ (ESPA / NSRF) program in support of Start-up Entrepreneurship.The first customers of the company during its trial operation were foreign customers who bought real estate in Greece and already knew the significant benefits they could gain from the information we could provide them, as they had received corresponding services in their country of origin.The platform project started from the need to use XperTalk in the Home Inspection services we offer. So far, we have started development of the software, and have also conducted trial consulting sessions offering Home Inspection services.
Our company, Home Inspection, offers innovative services in the field of Real Estate by using a combination of human resources expertise, specialized property evaluation equipment, and international certifications that are missing not only from the Greek market but also from many European markets. Our platform, XperTalk, will be the first platform to facilitate the search for certified and well reviewed professionals-experts, while providing the ability to have a direct remote meeting, granting significant advantages to both sides of the transaction.