We have designed the 1st B2B matchmaking platform that connects real estate agents across Greece. By leveraging network effects and partnerships, agents can find the best fit properties for their clients and vice versa. Our network helps agencies achieve better reach, finding the perfect match for their clients. Agents get access to a largerportfolio of properties/search requests and this allows them to provide better customer satisfaction and increase chances of conversion. Agents can simply register their client’s property or search request and the platform shows them the best fits uploaded by other agents. If they’re interested in any, we call it a match. That’s the ground for a collaboration. A key difference with other platforms is that every listing in Homexpress is open for collaboration. Hence agents no longer waste time knocking on the wrong doors and can close more deals in less time.
Our target is the B2B market niche, we are the only pure play platform focusing on facilitating matchmaking and collaboration between real estate agents in Greece. We provide solutions to our clients by improving their reach, expanding their portfolio and converting their leads into deals. Relying on our advanced technology, we match supply & demand based on compatibility score and AI powered matching algorithm. Our user interface offers high functionality and is designed to provide ease of use, working across all devices.Our knowledge of the market is hands-on, our founder works in a top tier international real estate agency active in the Greek market. We have gained valuable insights on how the brokerage industry operates and what are its existing pain points. While other markets globally evolved, the Greek brokerage market still lags behind in terms of technology and efficiency, with a horde of agencies scoring low on customer satisfaction. We created a technological solution accessible to every agency regardless of the size or the turnover. Our business model is designed to promote volume growth through affordable subscription plans tailored to every need. As 66% of the respondents interviewed by the Real Academy recognize the need for a strong network that knows the specifics of the Greek real estate market, we’re ready to start filling the knowledge gap that exists in this industry, providing real estate agencies with the tools they’ve been lacking.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Matchmaking platform enabling real estate professionals to find the perfect match for their clients
We are always seeking smart capital that will help us accelerate our product and scale our business.
We have been working as a team for the past year. We have very diverse backgrounds but the same appetite & ambition for building something unique. We complement each other and rely heavily on our creativity and agility to tackle business challenges.The 4 team members: Sotiris is responsible for project management, product strategy and business development. He has spent the last 3 years working as a real estate consultant for Engel & Völkers. Previously, he worked as an associate manager for Dialectica, working closely with strategy consultants and advisory firms. Lefteris is the Technology Lead at Homexpress, in charge of the technical project management and front end development. He has a demonstrated technical expertise and ability to manage complex projects thanks to his work experience in developing tech apps in the UK. He has been working closely with Sotiris for almost two years and have successfully build a real estate app before pivoting to the current one. Stella is working full-time at Homexpress for the past year and is responsible for designing processes & frameworks as well as contributing to strategic communication and copywriting. She has a background in research & training and prior to that, she worked as the Operations Manager at Cinobo, a SaaS streaming startup. Mike is leading the marketing efforts and the go-to-market strategy at Homexpress. He has a background in marketing & communications and over 5 years of experience as a Marketing Manager.
Real estate agents often struggle with maintaining a diverse and sufficient portfolio of properties, retaining existing clients, and attracting new ones. Apart from the limited portfolio, agents also face limitations in their geographical reach since they operate in a specific area making it difficult to serve clients who have requests in other areas. In addition, currently there is no easy and transparent way to collaborate. As a result, they lose sales and offer poor customer service. Homexpress is enabling real estate professionals to find the perfect match for their clients. Through our app, verified agents can easily connect and collaborate safely with other agents - anywhere, anytime. Thanks to our growing network, agencies can widen their reach and work with a bigger portfolio of properties & search clients. Leveraging the network effects, agencies close more deals in less time while improving customer retention.
One of the most important moments so far was participating in the Thessaloniki Helexpo 2021 where we had the chance to network and present our product to the public and receive positive feedback. We were invited there after completing the startup business incubator programme of the Athens Chamber of Commerce and Industry, which helped us calibrate our business model. In fact, a couple of months ago we decided to do a crucial pivot. While in the beginning we were targeting the C2C segment, we came to understand that the competition would be fierce and the forecasted marketing costs would by far exceed our starting budget. So, since we identified an important market need, we decided to start with the B2B segment, test our technology there and then activate our more ambitious C2C plan. Currently, we have developed a fully functional MVP and started reaching out to potential clients.