Buying, selling, and renting homes has long been an arduous, paper-based process, plagued by inefficiencies, delays, and conflicts of interest. HOMI digitizes this process to make it faster, more efficient, and more transparent for landlords, buyers, and tenants.As a buyer/tenant, you save time by booking viewings based on the owners’ availability calendar. Our listings include professional photos, virtual tours, floor plans, and the exact address of the property so that you do not waste time on phone calls and unsuitable properties. You build a relationship with the landlord, sign your contract, and pay your deposit electronically in 2-3 minutes vs. 2-3 days. You can prove your income via open banking to secure reduced rent and your bond is protected by HOMI. HOMI is free for tenants so that you do not pay the standard fee of one month’s rent to an agent.Because of this, as a seller/landlord, you can attract a larger pool of buyers or tenants who have more cash in their pocket to make you a great offer. You get your own 360° virtual tour, DSLR photos, and floor plan to attract up to 50% more views. You can conclude deals quickly which reduces potential vacancy loss of 2% per week. 50% of our traffic comes outside regular estate agency hours, which means users can book viewings, send messages, and make offers for your property 24/7.
60 completed deals or 15 deals per employee since our launch at the beginning of Mar-20.100+ five-star reviews across Facebook and GoogleHOMI has sold or rented 60% of the properties that we have listed and we believe we can increase this number up to 70%.Regular landlords, buyers, and tenants, just like you, have saved a total of €300,000 in real estate commissions to date by using HOMI.
HOMI is a hybrid real estate platform that puts the control back in your hands. Now you can enjoy the benefits of world-class real estate services at a fraction of the cost while remaining informed throughout the entire process.
Real estate the way it should be. Simple, affordable and transparent.
HOMI is a young company with a small team and large ambition. Our superstar employees and our fantastic customers are the primary reason for the progress we have made so far. Our technical development is driven by feedback from our landlords with rapid delivery and implementation to address key customer concerns. This approach helps us to stay ahead of the competition, delivering our services at a lower cost and making them accessible to more landlords, tenants, and buyers.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
HOMI is the first platform in Greece with online booking direct to the landlord. HOMI’s technology allows you to arrange viewings, collect feedback and process offers quickly and efficiently, without needing to call a real estate office. The fact that you conduct your own viewings means that the model is highly scalable resulting in more competitive pricing and market penetration. With HOMI, only the landlord pays for our services, thus eliminating the potential conflict of interest whereby an intermediary is remunerated by both sides of a transaction.
HOMI is bootstrapped and essentially funded by its customers. Our growth plan can be accelerated by investors however we believe that we can grow sustainably through reinvesting our retained earnings to expand the business and help our customers achieve their property goals.