Hosthub serves 2000 customers in 87 countries and had reached 40K MRR in it's second year of operations. Even though we are a hospitality startup we managed to weather the storm as efficiently as possible and keep the whole team aboard. After a 20% drop in March 2020, we have been growing every month since and are currently at 1M ARR.
Alexander Caravitis, co-founder & CEO, is a seasoned tech executive that also happens to be a vacation rental owner that had a burning problem - how to sync his channels to avoid double bookings. After trying various solutions he realized that whatever existed was either too expensive or not reliable enough. Not content with this situation he teamed up with Petros Ziogas (co-founder and CTO) and they built Hosthub - the best channel manager for vacation rentals the world had ever seen. Both co-founders have succesfull exits in the past and a proven track record to account for.
Hosthub is an Property Management Platform for vacation rental and STR owners and managers
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Hosthub is raising 2M USD in a post-seed round to increase it's velocity and capture a larger market segment, establishing it as a major player in this $170Bn market.
At Hosthub we have built an advanced software platform that allows us to connect to any vacation rental platform in the world in order to sync it. Our platform is technology agnostic and can connect to channels via APIs, ical files, or just their web UI. This allows us to sync more than 200+ vacation rental channels reliably and efficiently, offering industry leading qualituy of service and a World's first Zero Double Booking Guarantee.
Our custom built platform is the only solution in the world that can sync any channel, even if they do not offer an API or ical to connect to. It has been built with scalability in mind and allows us to grow exponentialy without a need for a similar increase in resources.
Every vacation rental owner or manager needs to list their property on multiple channels to maximise their revenues. Research has shown that listing on multiple channels increases a property's revenues by 2.2X on average. However, when listing on multiple channels you are prone to double bookings (which are the largest pain point in the industry). Hosthub solves this problem by synchronizing all the calendars on all the vacation rental platforms (like Airbnb, Booking.com, Vrbo, Expedia, etc) in real time. By combining a custom built technology platform that is aided by machine learning and human quality assurance we are the only channel manager in the world that can offer Zero Double Booking Guarantee.