Our leadership team consists of: 1. George Spiliotis, CEO. Data interface specialist and Security Manager with 30+ years of IT experience and a US patent holder. Specialist in areas such as networking, operation and security. His main role is the proper operation of the company as well as the security and development of the interconnection methods.2. Dimitrios Antonakakis, CTO with 15+ years of experience as a Technology Specialist. Possesses detailed knowledge of business processes in the areas of hospitality and finance. His main role is the development of the platform and management of the development team.3. Georgios Karathanasis, CCO with 15+ years of experience in sales and commercial management in technology companies and in the hotel sector in Greece. His role is the development of sales and partnerships in Greece and abroad.We are a team with distinct roles and an ideal mix of complementary skills and experience that drives our vision for growth and development.
Our goal is to become the central hub for analysis of all the key hotel (or group of hotel) systems' data. We are enabling the combination of information from many different systems with the aim of increasing the turnover and profitability of the hotel and the efficiency of its executive staff. At the same time, we calculate and present a number of KPIs that contribute to energy sustainability as well as food wastage.Our innovation lies in the way we connect to the key systems of a hotel as well as in the advanced techniques of combining different systems' information on a single pane of glass regardless of whether these systems communicate with each other.Our solution has a particularly large scaling capability since we are addressing all hotels and groups that have systems such as PMS, POS, ERP, PAYROLL, BMS, regardless of the country in which they operate. In addition, the continuous development of the product gives us the possibility to connect with external systems (RMS, yield management, pricing tools, events management, etc.) which strengthens the prospect of scaling up in foreign countries as well.
Hotellisense cloud BI platform supports hotels to reduce decision-making time and increase revenue.
We are currently operating in more than 100 hotels in Greece and we are planning to expand internationally through partnerships and international group of hotels. Our target market is all the 4* and 5* hotels which operate automated hotel systems (for example PMSs).We won the first place of the 2nd cycle of the CapsuleT accelerator program as the most innovative startup in the hotel and tourism area. We were also the finalist in the 2021 Envolve Awards Greece. We have introduced two more modules in our product (HR/Payroll and ERP/finance) which proved to be an enormous upselling opportunity for our existing customers.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Hotellisense is the most comprehensive cloud Business Intelligence platform for the analysis of hotel data enabling hotels to discover the wealth of data found in their key systems in order to increase their turnover and occupancy.The data that a business, like a hotel, is accumulating throughout the years is an invaluable treasure. We saw the benefit of creating an all-encompassing tool to analyze and forecast based on past hotel data collected by the Hotel's Key Systems (PMS, ERP, POS, HR, etc). Current report extracting methods and presentation practices (e.g., excel sheets) are inefficient and static in nature. Our target is to decrease the time and effort needed in the decision-making process by analyzing current data and forecasting future performance which increases revenue (room & F&B). Our product gives a new perspective in data analysis by allowing extensive drill down with multiple dimensions and custom-made reports for consistent visualizations and above all, by being dynamic, it can quickly react to market trends.Our solution comprises a SaaS (software as a service) cloud offering, which allows the hotel to do advanced analytics to its data. Our unique proposition is based on the intelligent analysis of the database structure of the raw data of most of the Hotel's Key Systems.
Our business plan is concrete and we are already operating with a positive P&L. We need funding to accelerate our growth by:- Expanding our reach to new markets abroad- Connecting our system with even more key hotel systems or 3rd party systems such as pricing, yield and revenue management systems- Increase the speed of development, sales and support with new hiresWe are seeking to raise 800K-1M € in funding to achieve our goals.
The data that a business, like a hotel, is accumulating throughout the years is an invaluable treasure. We saw the benefit of creating an all-encompassing tool to analyze and forecast based on past hotel data collected by the PMS. Current report extracting methods and presentation practices (e.g., excel sheets) are inefficient and static in nature. Our target is to decrease the time and effort needed in the decision-making process by forecasting future performance which will drive increased revenue. Our product gives a new perspective in data analysis by allowing extensive drill down with multiple dimensions and custom-made reports for consistent visualizations and above all, by being dynamic, it can quickly react to market trends.