Although the company has established quite recently a few important milestones have been achieved. We believe that the best investor is the client of the service, thus, we have secured two contracts with local clients to run two pilot cases. The first contract is related to the quality inspection of the production line (on edge deployment of the platform), while the second to deploy the platform as a black box to deliver a Data-Science-as-a-Service solution (on-premises installation).Current TRL:3-4. With the two client funded pilots we wish to validate the core product with the end users. Per our current product roadmap, we aim to reach TRL7 the next 12-16 months.The platform has been also used as a pilot case within a consortium of Greek hospitals to analyse some clinical data. The instruction manual sent to the clinicians is attached in the supplementary material field as a general workflow how the current tool works.
Data analysis is actually a pipeline of well-defined tasks, delivered by a related stakeholder that wishes to execute a collection of operations on a resource that is owned by another stakeholder.Our platform offers a webapp, that a data scientist can clearly define the appropriate script that upon executed will deliver the requested result (i.e. trained model or prediction) and then, share it with the data owners. The latter, via the platform can utilize a graphical interface where the agreed data inputs are shown and grant access to the data they have. Then, they execute the analysis script and deliver the output to the last part of the equation (i.e. the one getting the actual value).Our platform can be considered as a middleware that controls the ML operations automatically routing execution to instructed resources on the cloud (public, private, on-premises) or on the edge and scaling up accordingly, delivering smoothly the outcome of the ML app execution to the end user.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
We are in the process of restructuring the core team and soon we will update this section.
Advances in AI are radical while the improvement of the computational power and the wide use of wearables offer tremendous streams of valuable information that if properly analysed, allow the delivery of customised solutions to patients. At the same time, responsible stakeholders have already started imposing heavy regulations and auditing policies (e.g. AIAct) towards the protection of individuals’ privacy and the delivery of explainable AI solutions. In other words, digital services analysing medical data relying on AI technology must be capable of providing adequate explanation of the machine’s prediction. The discussion on the emerging Web3.0 ecosystem is mainly focusing on how to securely store and share data and less on the operations on top of them.In brief, the problem we are tacking is to enable the designing, building and deployment of scalable ML apps related to the handling of critical data, fast, compliant with the required regulations both on cloud and on the edge.
Federated Machine Learning (ML) is a concept introduced by Google a couple of years ago to tackle the basic issue of data analysis and privacy protection. A revolutionized solution that allows handling sensitive data. In addition, no code/Low code tools have been around for long in the software industry. The past 2-3 years this trend is more and more used in the AI world for allowing efficient collaboration between data analysis teams. The innovative feature of our solution is that our platform is augmenting the concept of federated ML by adding the aspect of compliance and sandbox execution combining both on the cloud and/or on the edge deployment. Furthermore, the way the platform is built allows for the establishment of data analysis based on smart contract output validation, a feature that is also differentiates our product from competitors. Although similar cases have been introduced, our platform differentiates in the fact that by its design offers a flexible and trustworthy data analysis execution and proof of valid analysis upon which the various payments shall be cleared (as an escrow payment system for validated data analysis services).
A no-code/low-code platform for fast, compliant federated ML sandbox deployment.