Our company embraces the zero waste food management and the circular economy.Ikorganic produces environmentally friendly organic fertilizers through the management of animal and organic waste by adopting the ASP composting method complying with all environmental legislation. As a result, we achieve the elimination of food waste by converting it into certified organic liquids & solid fertilizers and also into good value protection products. Our products contribute substantially to the development and further achievement of high production, both quantitatively and qualitatively, which is the desire of each producer/farmer. Remember that nowadays producers and farmers are looking to reduce their costs but on the same time sustain the quality of their crops.
It is in our company’s culture to work with the right attitude because we believe that teamwork can be a huge benefit to everyone involved, improving productivity and building strong relationships. Our team consists of an excellent agriculturist graduate from the Agricultural university of Athens, who guides on a daily basis his two assistants to end up with core product. He developed new composting methods for Greece with the help of the German company GORE and now he is the production & research manager of Ikorganic. There is an office coordinator with great experience and strong communication skills who manages all the office staffby proper management and has proved that works perfectly under pressure. The commercial manager finds new leads, negotiates contracts, develops the financial planning and manages the budgeting. He has excellent project management & numeracy skills and great attention to detail. The company is technologically pioneering in the management of animal waste (fish) & plant waste by being able to manage mass quantities, thus resolving partially a huge environmental problem for which the country is accountable every year (fines from the EU)
Produces and sells organic products for growth, nutrition and plant protection
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Our innovative business model which is not other than that of converting fish waste into organic fertilizer and also converting herbs, vegetables and branches into plant protection products applied with the method of composting differentiate the company from its competitors. A business incorporating waste management simultaneously with the production of new type of fertilizers, does not exist in Greece. Along with research and development programs, Ikorganic proves that this innovative business model practices effectively. Its purpose is the continuous design and production of innovative formulations of high standards and low cost organic materials. Thus, Ikorganic contributes to the production of quality and safe agricultural products, with appropriate organoleptic characteristics, fully in line with the needs of the market and consumers. The university institutions are trusted partners, who ensure Ikorganic’s successful course in the field of research and production of new knowledge.
Ikorganic produces & sells organic products for growth, nutrition & plant protection. The European Commission imposes heavy fines to Greece for the insufficient management of animal & organic waste. Another critical concern is the impact of food waste. Greece is ranked 4th among the European countries, a tremendous high ranking which has a negative impact for our country & thus for the environment we live in. The use of nitrate & chemical fertilizers and pesticides has increased rapidly over the last decades due to the intensification of crops cultivation. Due to the environmental consequences, there is an important trend to reduce their uncontrolled use for the sake of agricultural land, in other words, our mother earth. Consumers appear to increasingly prefer organic products and those grown under environmentally friendly farming practices. Therefore, it is imperative to develop new biological plant protection & bio-stimulant products that are able to support organic farming and meet their nutritional and plant protection needs effectively and at a sustainable cost.
By the end of 2018, we had 4 certified organic biostimulants made from food waste. In 2019, the company has made agreements with the largest fish farming companies (ANDROMEDA, SELONTA, NIREAS, etc) ensuring the management of fish waste (ΖΥΠ2, ΖΥΠ3) for the production of organic fertilizers. In 2020, the Research and Technology program of ΕΔΥΕ-ΕΤΑΚ was approved with the acronym IKOPROTECTA and approval code T2EDK-00965. At the same time the company launches its new innovative product VITAMIN SEA HUMUS made from fish waste with excellent commercial results. The quality of the product gives commercial value five times the usual market products. During early 2021, the company will sign with contract-land companies in order to receive their waste and to return them to their fields in the form of liquid fertilizers for their crops. (circular economy, ecological footprint, zero waste food). We are also working closely with the Greek agricultural organization-ELGO DIMITRA- in order to experiment and test all of our products before entering the market and also to reassure their quality and competitive advantage over the competitive products.