The system is built from the ground-up on custom innovations, with open APIs and structure, allowing every implementation to be extremely customizeable while maintaining the identity of the City or the Organization using it.
i-magic is a company founded by a promising team of young experts in the IT industry, providing exceptional quality solutions for Smart Cities.
Designing and developing the most modular smart city environment available
During the 1st release, we implemented the solution to 3 municipalities in the north-east Greece allowing us to fine-tune the solution and listen to real, day-to-day problems in order to perfectly adjust the platform to match the needs of its' customers. We also built a few external partnerships in order to create a marketplace with more features to offer to users a more complete and robust solution.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
We are open to proposals which will allow us to fuel development speed and cover all aspects of the solution that we designed so far.
We provide a robust Backend coupled by a Municipality-Branded mobile solution for each city, with modular smart solutions inside, chosen by the municipality and their needs while being scalable and extendable in many ways. With SCMS the municipalities don't have to rely on "marketplace" solution where they appear as users of a bigger service, they retain their brand and their unique characteristics and they can choose what services they will offer to their citizens or visitors. Also, with a strong white-label approach supported by a detailed Legal Contract, the municipalities remain the owners of the data the users create and not give away personal or other information for advertising and /or other reasons. The backend is supported by a modular Back Office with granular permissions and user roles, making it an one-stop solution to data providing to numerous other channels be it Digital Signage solutions or municipality websites.
Our team is comprised of a perfectly balanced team, having the experience, knowledge and capabilities needed to reach the targets of the product.