InAccel provides a unique online platform that allows users to run their software applications up to 10x faster with zero code changes. Users can seamlessly utilize the power of hardware accelerators to run much faster their applications with zero code changes. InAccel provides accelerators for genomics, machine learning, data analytics, compression and encryption. InAccel ML platform offers a unique, novel and integrated solution that allow software programmers to speedup their applications, increase the energy efficiency and reduce the TCO without any overhead and without adding any complexity to their applications.
InAccel is looking for investments that will allow to further grow its market share in US and in Europe.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Christoforos Kachris, Elias Koromilas and Ioannis StamelosThe team has a unique blend of experience, innovation and agile development methodologies to provide ready to use solutions for accelerating applications. The team were the winners of the Xilinx Open Hardware Contest on accelerating platforms. Also InAccel is the recipient of the Venture Impact Awards from the Hellenic Initiative in 2021.
InAccel helps companies speedup their applications by using state-of-the-art hardware accelerators in the cloud or on premise.InAccel allows users to run up to 10x faster their software or ML applications and provides ready-to-use solutions for machine learning, genomics, data analytics and financial applications.
InAccel is collaborating closely with top semiconductor companies like Intel and Xilinx. InAccel is used by several companies that want to speedup their applications using the power of hardware accelerators.
InAccel provides a unique platform that allows instant acceleration of widely used applications like machine learning, data analytics, genomics, compression and encryption. InAccel platform can be deployed on accelerators on the cloud allowing instant scaling and easy resource management.