ImproveMyCity (IMC) is one of the most adopted solutions of INFALIA and is being used by more than 30 municipalities worldwide, including 8 cities in Greece but also in Africa and the US. The flagship installation of IMC for the last 5 years is in the municipality of Thessaloniki with more than 72.000 submitted issues by almost 20.000 registered citizens, having more than 2.000 active mobile users.
INFALIA offers a highly experienced team of scientist and developers and a scalable B2G and B2B2C oriented business model. To further extend its market share, INFALIA seeks funding for marketing, promotion and sales mainly in the North and South America, Europe and Asia, but also for research and further development of its services and solutions.
INFALIA's solutions are based on state of the art methodologies and techniques using best practices in terms of scalability and accessibility. Cloud based solutions and distributed systems are broadly used to support demanding big data analytics to achieve high data throughput, performance, stability and low-latency analysis within cloud platforms.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Part of INFALIA's experience comes from the participation of its founders in a sound number of European and national research funded projects. Collecting, mining, processing, and visualising data while focusing on accessibility and inclusion for all are the core charactestics of INFALIA solutions. Yiannis Tsampoulatidis (PhD candidate) is the managing and technical director of INFALIA with more than 20 years of experience in ICT, Dr. Yiannis Kompatsiaris (Researcher A’ and deputy director at CERTH/ITI), Dr. Stefanos Vrochidis (Research C' at CERTH/ITI), Dr. Akis Papadopoulos (Researcher C' at CERTH/ITI) and Dr. Spiros Nikolopoulos (Researcher C' at CERTH/ITI) contribute to high level project management while Dr. Sotiris Diplaris is focusing on the business development of the company.
In the field of smart cities and the context of e-governance, INFALIA’s most known market-ready service is ImproveMyCity (IMC), a direct citizen-government communication and collaboration platform for managing everyday local issues. IMC is also available as open source extension for Joomla and WordPress with more than 4000 downloads. INFALIA also provides white label solutions for big data analytics and visualisations in various domains such as cyber-security, health, smart cities and space.
INFALIA is a spin-off company of CERTH/ITI (Centre for Research and technology Hellas/ Information Technologies Institute) established in 2014, specialised in the provision of cutting-edge ICT solutions for smart cities, social data mining, cyber-security and health related applications as well as in the development of highly interactive web and mobile applications. Our mission is to build rich web and mobile apps with powerful back-end services and turn big data into awareness for our customers.
Focusing on transforming research results to innovative market services