We have an extremely strong leadership team with focus on financial services. Also, our angel investor is the co-founder and CEO of one of the largest energy companies Greece. His help has been very valuable in creating the intelligent lead generation functionality.
Currently we are looking to raise between 500K-1M euros. The funds will be used for the following:- National and international expansion- Digital Marketing- Enhance the team- Product Development
Infin8 is a Fintech based in Greece (live in 6 countries) offering account aggregation, payment initiation and financial management. We have more than 1100 users. We are using the power of open banking to offer smart leads to merchants based on transactional behavior. Also, we are developing functionality to make Infin8 an account-to-account and wallet-to-wallet payment method. It must be noted that as of the 1st of February the commercial name of Infin8 will be Tukana.
The Open Banking Super App - Manage finances, execute payments, get intelligent leads
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Infin8 is offered through a mobile app, available on Google Play and App Store. The main features of our product are the following:- Financial Management for individuals and businesses- Automatic Transaction Categorization- Bank Transfers- Intelligent Lead Generation based on transactional behaviour (from Open Banking Data)- Cashback to users for using products from affiliated businesses
We are the only Fintech in Europe that is utilizing the power of open banking data to offer leads to affiliated businesses based on the user's transactional behaviour. We have a very thorough international expansion plan throughout Europe and later to other continents.
- We have more than 1000 users (individuals and businesses)- We support more than 160 banks in 6 countries as well as a number of Neobanks, including Revolut and N26- We have received investment from the co-founder / CEO of one of the largest energy companies in Greece- We participated in the egg incubation program- We have been selected to participate in the VISA Innovation Program- We have received coverage from Greek and international media- We were selected by Envolve Greece as one of the most innovative companies