The leading guest experience management platform provider for hospitality venues in Greece & Cyprus
i-host, company’s core offering, is a sophisticated, guest experience management platform, designed to assist restaurants, hotel restaurants and “eatertainment” venues in offering data-driven and personalized leisure services to their guests. It is installed and runs on one or more tablet PCs and is used by the business personnel in charge of managing reservations instead of paper or calendar notes to manage their client base, seats and the daily reservations submitted through the venue's and 3rd party onlline and offline channels, as all the reservations are gathered in one place. i-host, being a guest engagement platform too, allows the venue to empower direct relations with their customers by performing marketing actions and enables additional revenue streams and channels through collaborations with 3rd party reservation platform providers. For instance, we have recently integrated i-host with Google, to allow Google's users to submit reservations to hospitality venues using i-host, globally, via Google Maps and each venue's Google My Business profile.
Innopolium PC was founded in 2016 by three ambitious young men, professionals in the fields of Management and IT, who shared a common dream of reforming the services offered by hospitality venues to their guests into unique and 100% personalised experiences.i-host is used by 1000+ hospitality venues in South Eastern and Central Europe, and the most renown restaurants and hotels in Greece and Cyprus to manage their reservations, availability and client base.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Funding is required for the implementation of our company's expansion plan to additional countries in the wider CSEE region within 2023 and 2024.
Currently, i-host is used by 1000+ hospitality venues in Southeastern and Central Europe. It has become the leading software for seats, clientele and reservations management in Greece and Cyprus, and it is currently used by the most renown hospitality venues, including numerous Michelin star establishments and the most popular hotel brands as well, operating in the most touristic locations.
We are the the leading company in South Eastern and Central Europe and one of the few globally to offer a complete guest experience management platform for hospitality venues. A few of the innovative services, offered as part of the i-host platform are shown below:• i-host is integrated with the most comprehensive portfolio of booking channels globally and comes with a sophisitcated booking widget for the venue's online channels• call recognition service powered by our patented call recoognition device• our gift cards service allow venues to promote and sell digital gift cards for leisure, gastronomic and other entertainment activities via the venue's online channels• we offer a digital QR code based digital menu solution that can be installed on the venue's online channels, such as its website and social media accounts, allowing consumers to submit online orders for delivery or take away, and complete the relative payment via his/her smartphone i-host platform is a cloud-based platform, licensed and delivered as a SaaS solution, therefore the initiative can be considered 100% scalable.
Our team consists of 6 dedicated members and multiple external partners. All team members are highly-skilled professionals, while the company's top-management team holds significant experience in designing, developing and offering to the market scalable digital products and services of high quality.