1.21 Million USD will be needed in the next 3-years period that will be allocated as follows: 60% Product Development (TRL4 to TRL6), 20% Marketing/Sales, 15% Operation/Inventory, 3% Legal and 2% other.
In INEM we have the knowledge, expertise, and shared willingness to bring into market a solution that will make the green transition faster, better, and accessible to all. We have a deep understanding of the low temperature challenge for the Li-ion batteries . We all have engineering/science background (Academia, PhD, MSc) and our expertise is complementary.We have entrepreneurial and managerial experience including project management and HR management.We have a large network of industrial and academic partners that could help us. INEM’s team have been working together for more than 8 yrs and we enjoy it. Our values are Trust, Credibility, Flexibility, High quality, Hard-working Ethos. Our team culture is strong, and we have persevered several challenges that would make others quit. We are flexible, creative thinkers and engaged in this journey.The market for Electrical Vehicles is estimated to reach 35% of global vehicle market share in 2040. The EV market potential is unprecedented: from $246,7 billions (2020) to $1318,2 billions (2028) with CAGR 24,3%. Batteries account up to 1/3 of EV costs and data shows that 2,3 billion peoples experience cold weather conditions as part of their every-day living, working, and commuting. Unless, provided with a sustainable, affordable and easy solution, this 2,3 billion peoples, will be the last to enter the EV revolution, at a time that the green transition is more urgent than ever.
Social media content curator (Technical content) with graphic designing skills (remote position)
THE PROBLEMLi-ion battery technology is the most widespread battery technology for now and the one that will dominate the next 10-15 years era given the huge investments in the giga factories and the roadmap to the next generation Electrical Vehicle (EV) battery technology.However, Li-ion batteries suffer immensely at low temperatures, especially below −10 °C:low-capacity retention, large capacity fade ratio and inability to charge efficiently. Unless heated, the batteries cannot operate efficiently.But external heaters take long to heat up the battery, add weight to the battery system, and have high costs. Typical EVs are heating the battery by resistive or PCT heating (pros: simple design con: high heat losses, long heating time, non-uniform heating, battery end of life (EOL) is accelerated. Newest EV models are integrating an external heating pump (Pros: known technology, Cons: faces limitations in sub-zero temperatures, adaptations in vehicle designed are needed).OUR SOLUTION AND PRODUCTOur Gen 2.0 technology, the AIM ™ Battery Cell Technology, makes cold weather irrelevant for EVs. Our technology can make the battery to heat up from (- 40 oC) to (+20 oC) in only a few seconds, uniformly, with low energy consumption, is industry-compatible, is safe and has low environmental footprint. AIM ™ Battery Cell is a self-heated cell.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Batteries Beyond Barriers: making cold weather irrelevant for batteries
Innovative Energy Materials Technologies (INEM or INEM Technologies), is a deep-tech, innovative and private company founded in 2020 as a spin-off of Micro & Nanotechnology Laboratory of Democritus University of Thrace (MNTL@DUTh).We are based on the Kimmeria University Campus in Xanthi, Greece, at the ATHENA Research Center.We develop technologies for innovative energy applications, including battery, sensors, and photovoltaic cells technologies. We focus on advanced Li-ion batteries, and we provide technology for high-energy density batteries that eliminate the low temperature challenge (cold challenge) and enable sustainable mobility for all. INEM envisions a future where Li-ion batteries will function beyond the existing limits of temperature, weight, charging time and lifetime. "Batteries Beyond Barriers" is what we are striving for, so to enable movement in every situation and environment.OUR HISTORYSignificant technological breakthrough and knowledge was gained for MNTL@DUTh via a series of Projects (2013-2019), funded by the European Space Agency for space batteries, that eventually led to a joined Patent(Farmakis et all, PCT/GR2017/00030/2017-01939) for the so- called HELT ™ battery cell technology. This was Generation 1.0 Cell that addressed the “cold – challenge” and reached TRL4.Given the experience gained , INEM Technologies was established, and continued the journey for tackling the low-temperature problem for Li-ion batteries.
Although INEM was funded in early 2020 and is geographically located in a regional environment (north-east Greece, Xanthi) has managed to attract the interest of the European Space Agency (ESA). ESA is funding our idea- Project (Q1 2022- Q3 2023) that brings our AIM ™ Technology to space batteries.Moreover, we have established an RDI cooperation with Systems Sunlight SA, an international battery manufacturer and established member of the global battery supply chain, with manufacturing capacity in North US and Europe, i.e. Germany, Italy and Greece (Xanthi).In June 2022 we were accepted in the 10th cycle (6/22-6/23) of the Enter-Grow-Go (EGG) Innitiative, the Business Accelerator Program managed by Eurobank and Corallia. Finally, our IPR strategy has been activated and patent filling for AIM (TM) Battery Cell will be concluded in Q1 2023.
INNOVATIONFor Battery manufacturers, Electrical Vehicle manufacturers and other Systems’ Integrators, our AIM™ Battery Cell Technology, is the most efficient Li-ion Battery Technology that makes cold weather irrelevant for e-mobility, because:1.theats up in secs, uniformly, with low energy consumption2.tenables fast charging and longer range 3.tprolongs battery life 4.tis battery chemistry agnostic 5.thas industrial compatibility SCALABILITYObviously, the potentiality of our AIM ™ Battery Technology addresses the global cold EV battery market. Also, given the chemistry-agonistic nature of our AIM™ Cell, the scalability of this technology is established in all the spectrum of the Li-ion battery chemistries used or will be used in the EV industry.Furthermore, is scalable in terms of application: our battery technology is an enabling technology for several applications for the: •te-mobility and micro mobility sector (EVs, drones, e-bikes, scooters, etc.)•tspace sector (LEO, GEO satellites, exploration vehicles, etc.) •tportable power tools sector•tdefence sector (drones, surveillance systems, etc.)Additionally, and based on its industrial compatibility, AIM™ Battery Cell Technology can be integrated in typical batteries’ manufacturing facilities with some production-line adaptations.