Approximately, 1 mil. € will be needed for additional infrastructure for the development of IMR’s HIAP Platform.
IMR SA has designed a prototype Healthcare Intelligence and Analytics Platform (HIAP) for databases with heterogeneous medical image types. HIAP will be leveraging historical medical images, using state-of-the-art Knowledge Discovery algorithms, producing interconnected disease-graphs. HIAP uses Deep Learning Neural Networks to automatically classify medical images and extract meaningful characteristics that frequently appear, allowing the discovery of unknown, until today, patterns. Furthermore, HIAP utilises state-of-the-art Statistical Machine Learning methodologies, to provide a thorough examination on each medical image succeeding in personalised patient monitoring and more accurate diagnosis. HIAP’s algorithms are trained using medical images coming from IMR’s anonymised database, which is a real-world database that has been developed by integrating anonymised data coming from one of the largest networks of primary healthcare units in Greece.
Innovation: HIAP’s innovation is [i] the fully integrated and user-friendly platform, able to accommodate any type of images and [ii] the advanced AI algorithms providing early and highly accurate diagnosis. The initial training of algorithms will be done using medical images from IMR’s anonymised image database containing a huge number of different cases, while HIAP will be a continuously self-improving platform using imaging data provided by clinicians.HIAP will process image data generated from different sources and utilise state-of-the-art Statistical Machine Learning methodologies for realising a unique clinical decision support system.The platform will be available as a software as a service (SaaS). Any prospect client may use HIAP in the future to provide a thorough examination of a patient medical image.The utilisation of state-of-the-art image analysis algorithms in conjunction to IMR’s anonymised image data base (more than 1.5 million images) for training is the main differentiator. Today, such platforms are being developed usually in the framework of horizon research programs. However, these platforms are aiming at specific diseases while HIAP aims to be a generic diagnostic tool appropriate for fast and accurate diagnosis.Scalability: Since clinicians’ needs are of the same nature worldwide, IMR’s platform could be easily scaled accordingly and implemented to any country. It would therefore set the example for implementation elsewhere.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
IMR is the collective effort of some of the best-in-their-field experts in healthcare. We mix doctors, diagnostics’ experts, biostatisticians, and AI experts. All our team members are educated to at least Master’s level and our permanent staff and long-term contractors are academic leaders in the fields of AI.IMR platform will be available as a software as a service (SaaS). Thus, there are not geographical restrictions and barriers. Consequently, the growth potentials are not limited in national level. The Global AI in Diagnostics Market size is expected to reach $1.5bn by 2024, rising at a market growth of 27. 4% CAGR during the forecast period. AI in healthcare is one of the most important scientific advancements in medicine so far. AI and Machine Learning have attracted the attention of the healthcare industry as these innovative analytics strategies become more accurate and applicable to a variety of tasks. As many studies have indicated, AI tools can perform just as well, if not better, than human clinicians at identifying features in images quickly and precisely. AI application in healthcare is expected to be largely extended and now is the perfect time to invest in it.
Innovative Medical Research is a high-tech, innovative company that provides diagnostic tests and analysis of their results to corporate customers, in the context of research and research related projects. It was founded with main purpose to become a reliable partner for those seeking specialised and high-quality relevant services.
IMR SA is a startup established in September 2020. However, has already succeeded to develop a real-world anonymised image database, by integrating data coming from one of the largest networks of primary healthcare units in Greece. Moreover, IMR’s biggest achievement is the innovative ideas that arose out of our expertise and vast experience in the healthcare industry, while our biggest milestone is the innovative ideas that arose out of our people. Those ideas are the backbone of everything we do. Over the time we have used unexploited technologies that can be used in healthcare.