As we are a capital/asset intensive business model, looking for new sources of financing and vehicle suppliers is part of our daily routine. In the short term, our next goals are to add further types of vehicles in our platform, enhance customer experience and improve our technology.
instacar is the 1st fully digitized car as a service company in Greece!
instacar is definitely an innovative startup as it helps everyone to have a new car (EURO5+) without long-term commitment, strict process andinstacar is:▪ The only vehicle leasing company with an A-Z digitalized product▪ A fully flexible leasing service in terms of contract duration▪ Easy to adjust (upgrade/downgrade/return) the plan anytime w/o any additional fees
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Instacar disrupts the traditional leasing market by offering:▪ a simple, end-to-end digital process▪ flexible lease without commitments▪ vehicle upgrades/downgrades/return anytime with zero additional fees▪ replacement vehicles for accidents or services▪ leasing vehicles to companies or individuals that do not have a financial track record, using a dynamicpricing model.▪ customer-centric approach with direct communication via live chat and other digital channels
www.instacar.gr is the 1st fully digitized flexible vehicle leasing service in SE Europe with a fleet of 600+ cars in just 18 months of operations. Instadrivers can use a vehicle for 1 to 24 months and change it or return it with a 30days notice. We buy part of our fleet (new&young used) and we lease/rent the rest from official car importers or leading rental companies. Our vision during the next 3years is to build a mobility super-App aiming to connect drivers/riders with suppliers and any possibilities around mobility.
During the past 18months, we’ve managed to build a business of a current ARR of +€3M and we overcame in no time the “valley of death” point. We managed to build strong industry relations with car and financing suppliers. Also, it is notable that we spent less than €90k on marketing, which shows the tremendous product-market fit of Instacar.
Our main strength and competitive advantage is our strong team with prior local and international experience in companies like e-food, Airtickets, Avis, Delivery Hero, PwC and more. Positive thinking is part of our life and we are more than excited to welcome in our team candidates who have the same vision as us and embrace our main business and life values. Be fair. Be bold. Be patientVasilis Damianos- 9 years experience in advisory & audit at PWC- 3 years experience in banking at NBG- 7 years CFO at Startup companies (airtickets, welcome pickups etc.)Antonis Samothrakis-3 years CEO- co-founder at a tech company in the Middle East-4 years part of the core team of e-food.gr-10 years of experience in startups & marketingAntonis Zois- 5 years of experience in Operations at Avis Greece- 3 years owner of Allroad Rent-a-Car in Mykonos