We are a B2B software provider focusing on energy utility sector (electricity/gas) across Europe. At Intelen we respond to utilities market challenges, shifting demographics, and environmental trends by providing businesses and people with real-time powerful tools that transform real-time behavioural data into information that makes sense and drive energy efficiency, customer loyalty and cost reduction.Currently we have 2 major clients in Greece: •tProtergia (energy unit of MYTILINEOS, the largest independent electricity producer company in Greece) and •tVolterra (produces & supplies electric power in the markets of Greece and South-eastern Europe. Company’s shareholder is AVAX an international construction group).Additionally, we are looking to expand across Europe so, •tWe have signed a strategic partnership with INTRASOFT International in the energy utility sector offering our platform and services, for Europe, ME and Africa.•tWe also partnered with EY to promote DiG SaaS platform and data analytics to the digital utility sector.
TBD we will define funding needs in near future, depending on our new research project
We believe that our main achievements are our customers. We managed to renew our contract with Volterra and expand our cooperation by incorporating natural gas customers at our platform. With Protergia we managed within a short period to:1.tHave more than 170.000 registered users to the platform (more than 50% of Protergia’s customer base)2.tMore than 25.000 customers use our platform every month in order to pay their bill 3.tMore than 60% of registered users visit app at least one time per month
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
We help utilities embrace technology & innovation by providing them with powerful tools that combine data with algorithms and predict customer's engagement & loyalty.We offer a modular service suite that consists of:a.tDiG Platform: Utility’s clients have access to many information and services (consumption and billing, disaggregation, personalized promotional campaigns and saving tips, e-billing and online payments, bidirectional communication between company and users, gamification and loyalty program, marketplace etc.) b.tAdministration Platform: Through this platform utilities can easily manage DiG content (customer profiling, campaign & content management, notifications’ engine) c.tAnalytics Platform: Utilities can see a variety of predefined statistics (Churn rates, demographics, DiG engagement, payments etc.)d.tAd hoc analysis and reporting: We provide companies with additional analytic services (churn prediction, pricing matrix, acquisition or customer growth models etc.)
We are a B2B software provider focusing on energy utility sector (electricity/gas) across Europe.
We use innovative technologies based on proprietary software and leveraging wealth of power generation, supply and consumption data across geographies to analyse trends and consumption behavioural patterns.Our SaaS-based DIG platform combines a range of historical statistical, consumption, behavioural and demographic data with algorithms that can identify and predict customer’s engagement & loyalty. So, DiG enables utilities to: 1.tpredict customer behaviour (churn prediction, purchasing behaviour etc.)2.tdefine better customer’s segment for marketing activities (contract renewals, cross selling and upselling etc.) 3.tgenerate targeted personalized marketing campaigns 4.tcommunicate campaigns to their customers effortless (notifications inside the application, email & push notifications campaigns etc.) And this is our main competitive advantage … we offer to our client strong analytic services and the tools and means to communicate their message to their clients based on personalised info gained by the platform and measure their response.
We are a team of 8 professionals consisting mainly of developers, engineers, and data scientists. We love problem solving and try to incorporate innovation and efficiency in every aspect of our work. We focus on accelerating growth through expansion in Europe as well as entry to energy sharing marketplace. Additionally, we aim to growth by strengthening our relationship with our existing clients. Our three pillars of growth:1.tExpansion (new countries and new clients): Based in London (UK) and with an international partnership network, we focus on expanding in the UK and selected Western and Developing European markets. Currently Europe market focuses on sustainability, digitization, innovation and advanced marketing services. Based on that Europe is the ideally place to implement our roll-out plan.2.tNew technologies: Our R&D and development departments currently focus their efforts on: •tPeer-to-peer energy sharing: Build a marketplace where consumers will be able to sell their excess energy produced by their PV and stored in their batteries directly to other consumers on a debatable price.•tSmart Storage/Battery: Build artificial intelligence algorithms for optimal storage management.3.tAccount penetration is very important, as it unlocks opportunities for further engagement with our products. We work along with our clients, in order to build trust, understand their priorities, offer them consulting and additional services and deploy new higher value-adding products