Intelistyle's AI learns by crawling the web for fashion photography and styles customers based on latest regional trends, as well as bodytype, hair, skin tone and personal style.Retailers use our AI on web, app, or physical stores to help customers find the right clothes for different occasions.Online it delivers recommendations on the retailer’s website or app. It provides a chatbot that engages customers on WhatsApp, WeChat, Facebook messenger, web and other conversational commerce platforms. In physical stores, Intelistyle helps customer associates increase sales by providing on their tablet advice to upsell products and help customers find the right clothes.The styling advice is provided through Smart Mirrors that can be installed in the shop floor's experiential areas or the fitting rooms.Intelistyle’s customers enjoy 130% Conversion rate Uplift, 42% Basket Size Uplift and an overall 10% revenue increase for the brand at a 10-20% Return On Investment.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
We have been accepted and raised $120k from Techstars, the 3rd most prestigious accelerator in the world (1-2% acceptance rate). We have raised another €425k from Metavallon VC in Athens, Greece and £116k from Innovate UK, the UK government’s innovation agency (acceptance rate 7%).Current customers include D&G, MaxMara, Lane Crawford (biggest luxury retailer of Hong Kong), Tommy Hilfiger.
We are currently not raising a funding round but are always looking to connect with investors, organisations and individuals that can add value to the company. If you're interested please don't hesitate to get in touch.
Performance. Intelistyle AB tested its recommendations against the leading generic recommendations provider in the market and it’s fashion specific recommendations delivered 130% more revenue. It always follows latest trends and scales to different regions. It doesn't require human intervention allowing deployment at scale. Depth of personalisation. Intelistyle has the most in depth feature-set in the market compared to anyone else. Quality of personalisation. Intelistyle’s quality outperforms all competition, making it the only brand that can work with luxury clients such as D&G, MaxMara, Lane Crawford. Intelistyle beat human stylists on blind trials in London Fashion Week as reported by Forbes. Omnichannel ecosystem. We are integrated into 3 different clienteling solutions and 1 smart mirror solution allowing retailers to know and serve their customers across different channels.
Intelistyle is the fashion AI platform trusted by market leaders such as D&G, MaxMara, Tommy Hilfiger and Yoox Net-a-porter. It helps fashion retailers differentiate by creating digital discovery experiences that increase conversion, basket size and repeat purchase rate. With features such as Shop The Look, Visual Search, Styling Advice & Attribute Tagging, we help customers find the right clothes regardless of their style, bodytype or occasion they are shopping for.What makes Intelistyle unique is that its fashion specific personalisation understands customer style preferences so well, that it delivers 130% more revenue that industry agnostic solutions. It outperformed human stylists at London Fashion Week (Forbes).
The fashion AI platform that helps retailers style their customers with the right clothes & outfits
Kostas (CEO & Co-Founder) previously led AI, development and product at Microsoft, Skype and the BBC launching iPlayer Radio and Skype on Windows 8 and XBOX. He headed up Photobox's eCommerce team (biggest personalised gifts retailer in Europe) and its acquisition and retention initiatives. Michael Michelis (COO & Co-founder) - Data engineer and mathematician with extensive experience leveraging technology to solve Big Data problems for brands such as GM and P&G. Founded one of the largest online communities for mathematics in Greece and published numerous indie apps. Winner of LSE Business week pitch competition.