Our customers include some of the most prominent global pharmaceutical companies, biotechnology companies, research centers, and financial investors. We have also established a commercial partnership with ZS, one of the most prominent global consulting companies in the clinical development space.
Intelligencia brings together a diverse mix of data scientists, bioinformaticians, drug developers, software engineers, product managers, and biological scientists. We also have teams across customer success and business development, whose sole focus is on serving our customers.
Intelligencia has pioneered the use of Machine Learning for helping biopharmaceutical companies increase the productivity of their R&D efforts. Its data and predictive analytics are readily available on a cloud-based platform.
[1] Portfolio Optimizer: Accurately and efficiently assesses the probability of success (PTRS) of drugs in clinical development, with supporting rationale.[2] Asset Optimizer: Unlocks optimal trial design and provides comprehensive benchmarks linked to clinical trial success. Assesses and prioritizes other potential indications to explore for each drug[3] BD&L Navigator: Quickly and objectively compares the attractiveness of drugs/molecules of interest, based on a variety of features including the underlying biology, clinical and regulatory data, and company characteristics.[4] Breakthrough Science: Enables the early identification of emerging scientific breakthroughs. Quantifies the current scientific landscape and identifies the emerging technologies and targets that are most likely to result to breakthrough drugs.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Utilizing Machine Learning to assess and reduce the risk of drug development
Various roles - Software engineering, data science, biology, business development, customer success
Intelligencia aims to reverse the declining productivity of R&D in the biopharmaceutical industry. In doing so, it utilizes Machine Learning on a vast amount of proprietary data in order to assess, understand, and reduce the risk of drug development.