Our company was founded in 2018 and had 9 accommodations under its management. In 2019, the company's accommodation increased to 30. In 2020 we moved our headquarters to Spata and created new offices. Also in 2020, our website and our platform of online bookings were created. In 2019 the average occupancy of our accommodations was 80% with an average stay of 1.3 days per reservation, resulting in more than 18,000 different guests with more than 8,500 overnight stays. The low average stay makes the procedures quite difficult to manage. That is why we are constantly investing in technology, automating processes that enabling us to grow rapidly.
The next steps for Airstay are to: -Renovate the existing apartments by creating a uniformity, which is important for the guests who travel constantly.-Increase the number of our accommodation by following the same architectural style and providing the same facilities and services in all of them.-Incorporate more services in the short term accommodation, evolve the transfer service and any other services that could be useful to a short-term traveler.-Develop our website to a tailor made one and develop an application that can meet all the requests of a demanding and low on time traveler. (par ex. make the booking procedure of the transfer service more simple, the guests will be able to watch through our website or app how fast our vehicle will be at the airport to pick them by showing through our app the real time location of the vehicle).-One more important need is the promotion and advertising to reach our target group -the business travelers- as we see that it’s a crowd that uses International airports very often and they can repeatedly book an accommodation from a specific company if they find out that they have everything they need on a value for money price.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Therefore, Airstay adapted all its services in order to provide cozy, spacious and comfortable apartments near Athens airport (10 mins maximum distance by car) combining the quality of accommodation with the quality of transport service, making our guests feel safe for their transportation from and to the airport as soon as possible. Our customers can make reservations and book our services online. They can immediately after booking, receive an automated message with all the necessary information about their accommodation and the electronic locks' passwords for their entrance to the apartment, as well as make a transfer reservation through our site and within 15 minutes after booking our company's means of transport will arrive at the airport to pick up the customer.
The Airstay team having a common vision and guidelines consists of young people from different professional sectors, whose combination gives a total solution to a significant market need. An economist, a business manager, an environmental scientist, a property valuer and an architect each having their own experience and working together. Airstay created a team that is distinguished by respect, passion for work and love for Greece and the place where they grew up. This team doesn’t stop evolving and helping in development of the area around the Ath Airport, giving guests a taste of hospitality in a modern way.
Between city's fast-paced lifestyle, the unexpected delays or the long waiting time at the Airport, our company innovates by offering with one click all the services that the stopover customer may need. Our company can immediately and quickly serve a traveler who has already landed at the airport and has not made a reservation yet. Through our website, the interested party can choose one of our accommodations, and request a transfer service. Upon confirmation of the reservation the customer receives the passwords as well as useful information about the accommodation. In the next minutes the mean of transport picks up the customer and transports him to the accommodation. During the short ride to the accommodation, the customer can make a reservation for his next transfer back to the Airport or any other destination. In the first year of the company's operation, we aimed to create an ideal service model for stopover customers. A significant barrier appears to be the amount of the accommodations provided by individuals due to low cost and inadequate services. The consistency of our services and the feeling of security were the key elements that made customers trust Airstay repeatedly. Today, all of us at Airstay believe that our model is more than a simple accommodation service and it can be expanded to other busy international airports that connection flights apart a big percentage of the total passenger's traffic.
In the wide area of the International Airport of Athens there are not enough hotels to cover the volume of travelers and their short term stay needs in order to meet a connecting flight or transfer to one of the ports. So, the travelers were forced to find accommodation to more remote locations for their short stay such as the center of Athens. Αs a result they wasted valuable time from the minimum they had until the next flight or the next ship, or they had to settle for low quality airbnb accommodations of the area near the airport.Our goal is to ensure an easy and relaxing short stay of the visitor from the moment of arrival at the airport until his departure for the next destination.