Tzager, emulates the theorised Bayesian Brain and the way humans learn and by using Bayesian Networks can perform causal inference and deal with uncertainty and deep learning to not only identify correlations between data but also to understand what those correlations mean. For example, Tzager infers that a ‘cough’ is a ‘symptom’ of Covid-19 and that the ‘cause’ of the cough is ‘inflammation’ in the ‘lung’, all the way down to molecular causation. As such, it can make logical inferences related to possible treatments, even when there is no such correlation in the literature; something which is beyond the capability of conventional deep learning methods.
Next Post-Seed funding round to be opened on Q2, 2021.
Tzager is a python library with dynamic classes and functions that allow data scientists to take advantage of the most powerful Healthcare Bayesian Networks out there. Although with Tzager, users can create their own Bayesian Networks from papers, samples, or plain data, the power of the library lies on the already existing Healthcare Bayesian Network that is at the user's disposal for numerous tasks, from Knowledge Modelling, Probability Predictions, finding Predictors, finding Connections, connecting Causalities and much more.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Intoolab is currently in the growth phase with our main focus being to reach as many Healthcare data scientists to use Tzager, while at the same time discussing with VCs and investors for our next funding round.
Intoolab is an Artificial Intelligence company, focused on Bayesian Inference, with the main product being Tzager the "Tensorflow" of Bayesian Networks. Tzager is the first Bayesian Inference A.I. framework in python, built for biomedical research, drug discovery, and personalized medicine with the main features being Biochemical Analysis, Predictor Research/Models, and Literature Intelligence. Tzager is not just another deep learning algorithm trained to solve very specific problems, but an intelligence system with its own framework based on Causal Equations and Bayesian Networks. Tzager has created its understanding of how the human body works by emulating how we humans understand Biomedicine through causal reasoning and experience, powered by its Healthcare Bayesian Network.
Intoolab's customers are mainly CRO's and Pharmaceuticals and Tzager has been awarded the "Catalyst Grant" from Holtzbrink's Digital Science, has been a "Falling Walls" Finalist, while shortlisted in many European competitions.
A Bayesian Inference library for Healthcare, with the first trainable Bayesian Networks in Python.