Our 50+ fleets clients in Europe and USA have a total of 15,000 vehicles. We have begun experimenting with B2C marketing programs and intend to develop a direct relationship with the rider and driver through the fleet.
Competitive Advantage: Where TNC’s become taxi/limo fleets, we sell to and leverage fleets’ operational expertise. With regard to taxi and limo vendor competitors, our software is more economical, turn-key, and flexible; our sales and support more energetic and responsive. We have a sales pipeline of over 200 fleets.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Product/Services: IQTaxi offers an end-to-end technology stack for taxicab fleets, which includes smartphone apps (white-labeled and universal) for riders and drivers, and fleet modules for automated vehicle dispatching, rider payment, driver cashiering, and business analytics tools. IQTaxi is also, in the process of developing a digital taximeter to be combined with its popular dispatch systems.
Co-founders Vasilios Keramaris and Chris Iakovidis, contribute technology and taxicab industry leadership. Vasilios is holding a PhD from Kingston University on Computer Science and he brings over 30 years of high level, entrepreneurial, computer science expertise. Chris has been a taxi software specialist for over 10 years, combining experience at Compucon, AthenaTech and TaxiWay (largest taxi fleet in Balkans).
Business Summary: Launching in 2014, IQTaxi is a revenue generating B2B business that has built and distributed a robust technology stack to some 50+ fleets in Europe and North America. This technology has powered over 50M rides to our fleet clients’ 8,000+ taxis and limos. In the Balkans region with a sufficiently large fleet network, IQTaxi is building a direct relationship with riders and drivers, having a stronghold on the local taxi software market.
Funding Stage Seed Completed: €750K Pre-Money Valuation: €2,500,000-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------New Capital Seeking (10%-30%):@€4mil Valuation
We do Telematics for large Fleets for example Taxis, Ambulettes, Buses and Trucks