isMOOD’s unique qualification, lies mainly on business and technological innovation:• Industry focused sentiment analysis: internally developed machine learning algorithms that provide sentiment analysis for the Greek language. The algorithms are context aware, taking into account the under-investigation industry and thus provide sentiment analysis of higher accuracy than the competition. • Sentiment analysis in non-latin languages: These algorithms can be expanded in more non-latin languages that seem to have high business potential in the market.• Business analysis: first player of the market to introduce automatic business analysis. This refers to the automatic and real time categorization of posts according to the business unit they refer to (eg brand, product, finance) and provides alerts accordingly.• Complementarity: Towards ensuring its market share and competitive edge, isMOOD focuses on achieving high customer engagement with its customers, thus raising their switching costs. isMOOD provides complementary services (influence, monitor and predict the market) that increases the actual and perceived business value for the customers, furthermore • The historical data collected by isMOOD since 2014 provides an additional asset for accurate analyticsThe key drivers of isMOOD growth and scalability:1. Our AI algorithms and our in-house Intellectual Property2. Our Software as a Service sales model 3. The overall expansion of the social media ecosystem
isMOOD provides a 360° approach on the field of social media and web analytics as a decision making and reputation management tool.isMOOD services are organized in three major categories:• Monitor: Provides true knowledge of the market. Who is talking about, what do they say and how do they feel towards a brand/product/individual• Predict: Based on historic data, isMOOD customers can identify patterns, predict trends and benchmark their business performance against competition• Influence: Identify and create new brand advocates through social network mapping, aiming to increase the impact of a campaign, a brand or a product optimizing the budget allocationTo achieve this isMOOD has designed and developed the following products: a) the isMOOD Platform that enables real-time monitoring and analysis of what people say and how they feel towards a brand and the relevant competition,b) isMOOD Custom intelligent reports that turn these data into actionable knowledge and insights, using user friendly visualizations and graphs.isMOOD Services are aimed to help our customers answer three essential questions:• Who is talking about a brand/competition? Which are their characteristics and which channels they prefer?• What are they saying? What are the topics that your targeted audience is mainly discussing on? • How they feel towards these topics? What is the sentiment of the social media and web users over these topics, and how this sentiment evolves/changes in time?
isMOOD is fully self funded and currently is not looking for funding.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Anna Kasimati: Anna is co-founder and CEO of isMOOD. She is focusing on business development and the development of isMOOD services based on customer’s needs. Anna is a Graduate of the Department of Management Science & Technology, AUEB and has received a scholarship from MSD & Industry Disruptors – Game Changers to participate in the AUEB - International MBA Full Time Program (Innovation & Entrepreneurship Major) for the academic year 2013-2014.. She has been working as a researcher on mobile business & innovation at the ISTLab Wireless Research Center of AUEB (2008-13).Dionisis Sotiropoulos: Dionisios is supervising the development of machine learning algorithms for Topic Modelling and Sentiment Analysis within Online Social Networks. Dionisios is a post-doctoral researcher at the field of Social Network analytics & a visiting researcher at Norwich Business School, University of East Anglia. Dionisios received his Ph.D. in Computer Science from the Department of Informatics at the University of Piraeus, Greece in 2011. He holds a B.Sc. degree in Computer Science since 2003The team is the vital asset of this project. Team members have complementary skills and share a common passion for entrepreneurship and innovation. Moreover, to further enhance our team and improve isMOOD’s decision making, we have also established a Board of Advisors with expertise in the industry.
isMOOD operates in the field of social network analytics, a field that plays a strategic role in decision making internationally. The use of social media has been increasing during the last years, a fact that has led to a huge volume of data being spread around the network. As a result there is an always-increasing volume of data, rich in consumer insights for brands, products and market trends that, due to their volume and complexity, it is hard for businesses and individuals to process them timely and systematically. isMOOD helps its customers monitor, predict and influence market sentiment through real-time social network analytics.Aside from simply monitoring, isMOOD helps its customers identify and build new advocates as well as predict how future trends will evolve (prediction and influence services). Using those predictions as an input, isMOOD customers are able to interact with their network more efficiently. The company was founded in November 2013, under the form of Private Corporation (IKE), while the initial capital needed was exclusively placed in cash in the form of equity from the founders. isMOOD provides its services to more than 35 customers that belong to the banking and telecoms sectors, as well as FMCGs companies, in Greece, Cyprus and Estonia. In 2020 isMOOD managed to achieve a 60% increase in its customer portfolio and almost 100% increase in revenue.
Monitor, predict, influencepublic sentiment throughreal-time social media & web analytics.
isMOOD has already gained a proof of concept in the Greek market. Specifically isMOOD provides its services to more than 35 customers that belong to the banking and telecoms sectors, as well as FMCGs companies, in Greece, Cyprus and Estonia. In 2020 isMOOD managed to achieve a 60% increase in its customer portfolio and almost 100% increase in revenues. Specifically, isMOOD 2020 revenues were € 180k. Other milestones:- May 2018: isMOOD won the first place at Digital Economy Forum, entrepreneurship awards- isMOOD has been among the semifinalists of MITEF (MIT Enterprise Forum) Greece contest 2015.- isMOOD has been awarded as one of the top 5 start-ups during the egg accelerator program (June 2015)- 4th place at the “i-bank Innovation and Technology“ competition organized by the National Bank- isMOOD has also been part of the youth entrepreneurship accelerator EGG (Enter · Grow · Go) for the period June 2014-June 2016.