iTrack is a self-funded company and does not seek for funding at the moment.
1. Over 12000 vehicles monitored currently via the iTrack fleet management platform.2. Key partnerships with large organizations in the car leasing and insurance market (Hertz AutoHellas, LeasePlan Hellas, Executive Lease/Sfakianakis Group and Interamerican/Achmea Group).3. Partnerships with important companies in the food industry such as Nestle and Eurocatering/Freskoulis.4. Partnerships with key companies in the healthcare and pharmaceuticals market such as Henry Dunant Hospital and PROSYFAPE, the largest group of companies in the Greek wholesale market of pharmaceutical products.5. Winter Olympics 2018 –Korea. For the first time in the history of the Olympics, OBS monitors “things” for logistical purposes (IoT Logistics). The iTrack team is the exclusive technology provider and integrator for this project (OBS Smart Assets).6. In Feb 2018, iTrack releases its first unique IoT-based Telematics and Telemetry services in Greece.
Currently, the majority of telematics service providers (TSPs) can deploy only a small part of the field data, which is the data generated by the vehicle itself. They totally ignore data from the vehicle’s surroundings such as its cargo, trailer, driver and passengers. This happens because the majority of TSPs are confined to the telematics unit retrofitted in the vehicle, and even modern telematics units are still focused solely on the vehicle itself (GPS, fuel, motor speed, diagnostics, etc.).On the other hand, EveryGate, the patent-pending solution developed by iTrack can gather information within, across, and around the vehicle. For example, by deploying IoT sensors (i.e. smart tags and wearables) it receives the status of the driver (health and otherwise), tracks the passengers & trailers, and monitors the perishable cargo. And more importantly, it does all of the above at an ultra-low cost. This makes the real difference, as it allows the gathering of this valuable added data in order to build pure IoT Telematics services not offered by 99% of the competition today. Moreover iTrack focuses a great deal on transforming data into valuable business info. While many TSPs try to sell fleet telematics systems as a service related to the vehicle, iTrack treats it more like ERP software attached to a company’s back office. This is a radically different approach because the true benefits of connected fleet services come from the overall IT system integrating together.
Fleet Telematics is a category of enterprise IT solutions that provides valuable processed vehicle-related information to key business areas in order to improve revenue and efficiency. However, it goes far beyond the transport and logistics industry (i.e. transport, distribution, insurance, rent-a-car, leasing, courier, constructions, utilities, etc.). The majority of Telematics Service Providers (TSPs) fail to achieve remarkable success mainly because their services are fed by basic data such as vehicle’s location and speed, which are already very much commoditized. They do not provide an advanced solution that offers planning, insight and interaction with drivers and their surroundings.Newer vehicles come equipped with a multitude of sensors (fuel, tire-pressure, diagnostics, etc.) that when combined with mobile workforce management and modern IoT asset tracking technologies can generate big, invaluable data for millions of companies around the globe.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Fotios Andritsopoulos – Technical Director. Fotios received Diploma in Electrical and Computer Engineering; he also holds an MSc and a PhD on Telecommunications systems. He serves as CTO at iTrack focusing on emerging IoT technologies, holding two international patents (20090296823) and (20190122457).Apostolos Nikolaidis - Business Development. Apostolos has an MBA and a PhD from NTUA. He has been awarded by the State Scholarships Foundation and OTE, the largest technology company in Greece. He has been involved in several R&D and commercial projects related to applied telematics for the car leasing and supply chain logistics. Maximilian Plotsky – Sales Executive. Maximilian possesses over 25 years of Sales and Marketing experience related to business and banking software as well as targeted technology services, both in the USA and Greece.He holds an MBA in Accounting & Finance.
iTrack provides high-end Telematics and Telemetry Services to business customers
In the last few years, two significant events have transformed vehicle telematics: The dramatic increase of available vehicle data, related mainly to fuel consumption, diagnostics and safety, and the range of devices available to drivers such as smartphones, tablets and modern in-vehicle infotainment systems (e.g. Android Automotive). Our patent-pending technology, EveryGate deploys the high processing, communication and storage capabilities of the aforesaid devices and transforms them into an all-in-one IoT Telematics hub that connects everything to the Cloud: vehicles, trailers, cargos, drivers and passengers. The EveryGate app acquires data from the smartphone’s built-in sensors, the vehicle CAN-bus sensors and the Bluetooth smart sensors attached to drivers, passengers, cargos and trailers. The data are then securely and efficiently delivered to our Telematics platform which transforms them into valuable business information offered to our customers as a service (SaaS).