Leveraging recent advances in perioperative informatics, we present Aisthesis, an AI-driven SaMD that supports anesthesiologists and intensivists by predicting adverse perioperative complications. Using real-time data we are developing a ML-based system able to predict real-time hemodynamic and other risks and present an explanation of factors contributing to that risk during the whole perioperative treatment phase. This informed risk prediction enables anesthesiologists to plan an appropriate course of action to avoid such risks. Our system will improve patient safety and quality of care by providing clinical decision support and timely clinical feedback via post-hoc reports. Such improved documentation will lead to accurate capture of intraoperative data and will enhance legal fortification due to unbiased, precise records. Finally, hospitals can benefit from a reduced length of stay (LOS) since we can decrease the LOS cost up to 55% by integrating our solution.
So far, we have completed the first prototype of our clinical decision-support system demonstrating the clinical added value through extensive post-hoc validation. Moving forward, Aisthesis Medical is slowly but steadily gaining recognition from multiple stakeholders. This is becoming more and more obvious in the past few months. The stakeholders’ list provided below is solely on an indicative base and is by no means complete. We can classify them as:1. Healthcare Partners: Esteemed institutions from advanced healthcare markets, such as the General University Hospital of Larisa (Greece), the Regensburg University Hospital (Germany) and the University Hospital of Frankfurt (Germany) have not only shown active interest in providing us with data to further advance our Machine Learning algorithms, but they believe in the scientific case of our platform.2. Potential Collaborators: Individuals of high calibre have shown interest in a potential collaboration with Aisthesis Medical. A notable example is Prof. Dr. Herwig Gerlach (Klinik für Anästhesie, Vivantes Klinikum Neukolln).3. Various start-up competitions, programs, etc. As an example, we have just been selected to participate in the EIT Health SymbIASIS program to explore potential collaborations with Greek hospitals.4. Supported by top-notch technical corporates like Microsoft for Startups, NVIDIA Inception program as well as AWS Activate.
Aisthesis Medical is a medtech startup company based in Athens, Greece. Our focus lies on the development of the first perioperative integrated clinical decision-support platform aiming at assisting clinicians at all phases of a surgical intervention. We start from the patient triaging and at high-risk patient detection preoperatively with the use of smart medical-grade wearables. During the surgical operation, our explainable AI algorithms support anaesthesiologists in their decision-making by generating predictions of potential complication that may occur. Finally, patients admitted to the general ward after the operation, are continuously monitored for postoperative complications with the use of our non-invasive medical wrist-wearables.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Our solution we suggest comes with a user-friendly mobile UI that can be easily learned by anaesthesiologists and does not interfere with the surgical workflow. In addition, it can be integrated into any medical monitoring equipment already available on the market. Moreover, the anesthesiologist has access to real-time predictions for potential complications during the surgical operation. This will lead to faster, more accurate, and more efficient decision-making prior to any unwanted situation. Aisthesis Medical addresses the Anaesthesia Monitoring Devices Market that, as reported in a 2022 study, is valued at approximately USD 1,6 billion at a global level in 2021 and is anticipated to grow with a growth rate of more than 12% for the period 2022-2028. Main drivers in this case as well are considered the aging population and the growing number of surgeries. Our company aims at scaling up within the Greek ecosystem taking advantage of both the human and financial resources available. We will thus open new positions to exceptional researchers and professionals in Greece since we firmly believe that they can advance our vision based on their intellectual spirit.
Our team is comprised of experienced engineers in the field of Biomedical Engineering and AI. Especially, the cofounders work in the field of healthcare informatics and have more than 6 years of experience in building clinical decision-support systems in the clinical setting. The team is also accompanied by a specialist anesthesiologist and an expert in business management, company growth and investment strategy. Sharing a passion for medical technology and having a vision to assist clinicians to provide excellent care to their patients, we ended up with the concept of an integrated clinical decision-support platform towards proactive and preventive perioperative care. We are always open for highly motivated and highly skilled scientists/engineers to join our efforts.
Aisthesis Medical plans to secure an initial funding of €250,000 that will take us up to, and including, the MVP implementation and integration in a hospital setting. After having achieved that, we will try to secure a further funding for the CE and MDR certifications of our SaMD clinical decision-support system.