At Joule we empower forward-thinking businesses that participate in the transportation revolution, as we make travel environmentally friendlier. We want to remodel cities by reinventing how they function and by creating a cleaner and more sustainable urban environment, to build a sustainable future by providing flexible and scalable electric vehicle charging solutions for all.
jPanel is a management application developed by Joule, where the owners of EV- Charging stations that are part Joule's network are provided with direct and easy access in fully managing their EV-Charger through the following tools:-jPanel allows the owner of the Charger to check on the availability, as well as make changes to basic functions like charging power, charging price, manage reservations and create new ones.-jPanel allows the owner to also create diffrent pricing groups by using the categories function, where different discounts can be applied to different categories of users. -jPanel meticulously collects data on all charging stations and presents them in interactive graphs and tables, which can also be exported. Joule also offers to analyse those statistics and create reports based on them. These ultimately serve to optimize the billig process.-jPanel can also be used to communicate problems with the developers, as well as get answers from FAQs. Joule's jCharge is a mobile app that allows the user to manage all the various charging services available at both public and privately owned charging stations, which are part of the JouleNetwork. The application works with every EV-Charging station that is compatible with OCPP. It serves multiple functions, like:-Map with all charging locations and pricings-Start/Stop charging-Create/Manage reservations-Live-monitoring of charging-Charging history-Verified charging costs
-Everything is developed in house-Both jPanel and jCharge are infinitely scalable as long as charging stations are compatible with OCPP-Every asset that is registered with jPanel/jCharge are part of Joule's Virtual Power Plant and in the future through Vehicle to Grid services we will be able to monitize the charging process even more. This will also allow for interconnections between smart home devices and ev chargers that will allow users to better manage their energy expenditure and become more sustainable. -Timetable Load Balancing: Real Time load balancing based on battery and trip-length needs-Operate charging stations with incorporated advertising displayes for extra monetization.
We are a group of young, passionate and independent thinkers who are unified by our mission to change the way the world uses energy. We thrive on solving big problems for our customers and we are driven by our innovation and determination.-Γιώργος Ε. Παπαθεοδώρου CEO -Χριστόφορος Καραδήμας Advisor -Σπυρίδων Μίχας. CTO -Παναγιώτα Καμπύλη Senior Software Developer -Δήμητρα Νικολαΐδου Software Developer -Νικόλας Πιστιόλας Software Developer -Δημήτριος Βαβουράκης Project Manager -Πέτρος Μαρνελάκης Sales and Marketing
1. What is funding needed for and how much is required? -Capital Costs: 100 New Charging Stations with Advertising Displays ~ 600.000€-Revenue Costs: 60.000€ -Project or core costs: Energy Storage Research 10.000€, V2G Research and Testing 13.000€These costs are rough estimations, since prices are subject to change based on bettwer negotiations. For the projects we have included the yearly salary of a dedicated researcher.
The first Greek Virtual Power Plant for Renewables, Charging Stations and more...
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
EV CHARGING Besides the conventional EV Chargers we have already installed and are under our management, we have also installed the 1st V2G charger in Greece and are ready to harness its full potential once the regulations and infrastructure allow us. We have a fully operational application that works with every Charger we have tested.From a business perspective we have already a well established network of active partners.