Παπαδημητρίου Γιώργος - CEO & Co-founderΠαπαδημητρίου Άσπα - Co-founder & Marketing directorΠαπαδημητρίου Βάλια – Co FounderΠαπαδημητρίου Δημήτρης - Co Founder & Senior AdvisorΚούση Ελένη – Co Founder & Senior AdvisorΘεοφανίδης Γιάννης - CTOThe company has a competitive advantage over its competitors with its in-house system of categorization and attribution of specific and detailed product characteristics and the ability of different teams to work at the same time and within the same platform. The company has already achieved significant success in a short amount of time, with a strong presence in the supermarket industry and the launch of the Automated Commerce Insights tool. This success highlights the potential for continued growth and the ability to expand into new categories and industries. Keyvoto has a management team experienced in the CPG and retail industry and highly skilled developers utilizing advanced technology tools. The team's experience, combined with the unique features of the Keyvoto platform, make the company well-positioned for continued success and growth.
In less than a year, the company has reached 6-figure sales and 19 member team.Today, 95% of the supermarket industry (with partners such as AB Vassilopoulos, Sklavenitis, Kritikos, Thanopoulos, The Mart, MyMarket, and clients such as BARILLA, BEIERSDORF, RECKITT, HENKEL ΕLGEKA, ASCompany, Nestle) and 80% of the cosmetics industry retailers collaborate with Keyvoto. At the same time, we have also launched the pharmacy, clothing, pet, and houseware categories. In June 2022, Keyvoto launched the Automated Commerce Insights tool, to help retailers and suppliers track their products (prices and availability) at all the e-commerce retailer platforms in real time.We are one of the selected teams at the EBRD’s Star Venture program.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
E-commerce evolves several times faster than any other part of retail. Most of the time, digital e-commerce channels fail to deliver a 360, holistic projection, one close to the feeling given by actual, physical products chosen in-store. Thus, the product experience remains incomplete and does not attract the consumer in order to purchase, therefore the digital market does not meet each consumer’s actual needs. To specify, this problem arises as a result of the suppliers’ lack of a single data management space, creating chaos in terms of product information, not only within the business itself but also when trying to connect with other companies and platforms. Additionally, the image created of distinct products is often insufficient, having a different style of promoting several products of the same brand or company and significantly deficient information for each product, failing to create the environment needed for customers’ attraction and, therefore, market growth.
Keyvoto is under evaluation. We will update this field soon.
The solution to this issue is a single PXM (Product Experience Management) platform, where suppliers, retailers, and external partners gain access to product information all in one place. This way, Keyvoto creates an optimal online product customer experience, minimizing the endless back-and-forth communication and the time needed to transfer useful files or information, while managing all the company’s products and data in an effective and effortless way. The partner companies, whether they’re suppliers or retailers, as well as their external partners (advertising companies, agencies, etc.) are now able to process any kind of data within a single platform and be aware of which employee deals with which product and monitor any changes he applies to it at any given moment. Suppliers can now easily connect with retailers through an integrated API, while ensuring safe and unaltered transfer from Keyvoto to any of the market’s ERP, CRM, Loyalty System, or e-shop.
A product experience management platform that enables businesses to upgrade their digital shelf
Due to the recent pandemic, there is a growing, dire need for digital compliance of products and general control in the digital environment, which makes it necessary for suppliers and retailers to work with a platform such as Keyvoto, in order to create an easy and effective sales plan, resulting to maximum sales for the company. Moreover, according to ELTRUN research, more than 7,000 Greek companies now own an e-shop, a number that grows larger every day. For us, this translates to significant growth potential, especially with the unique tools Keyvoto offers, which makes it even easier for a company to choose us as a partner. The only barrier to our growth potential as a company would be the creation of a competitive one in Greece that offers the same exact product as we ourselves do, and at an even more attractive price. Today, we consider such a threat very unlikely to happen, at least in the near future.