The team that has gathered behind our vision for people-friendly cities, is solving a personal problem, has extensive experience in the hardware-as-a-service space and a deep understanding of both consumer and business needs. The background of the team is in both high growth startups and scale-ups and corporates allowing us to have a full perspective of the job to be done.
The marketplace nature of our business enables us to partner with the best OEMs in the space and bring their products to new markets, supporting them with core services that we provide in-house and bundling them with third-party market solutions as well. It is a very familiar model to consumers that has dominated the automotive-as-a-service industry. This type of solution allows us to match the right vehicle and the right services to the right market segment, increasing both client satisfaction and our addressable market.Light electric vehicles can potentially replace up to 50% of all trips done in our cities. Just in Southeast Europe, we have more than 40mln vehicles on our streets the majority of which will need to be aggressively phased out over the next decade. The average age of the 5.5M car fleet in Greece is 16 years.
Kineo enables flexible ownership for micromobility. By paying a monthly fee, individuals and companies choose the light electric vehicle that suits their needs and access all the services they need to ride it.By lowering the barriers to adoption of micromobility, Kineo transforms how people and goods move in our cities and give back the necessary space and time for a people-first approach in our urban environments.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
More than 1,000 individuals and companies in 40 Greek cities have already trusted us to improve their daily commuting or their business.
You visit our website, pick the vehicle you prefer, add any upsells and complete your booking. Our on-the-ground team delivers the vehicle to your door, gives you tips, and welcomes you to Kineo. If any technical issue arises we will resolve it in 3 days or replace your vehicle. You can at any time cancel your subscription or purchase your vehicle.
Our next funding round will enable us to fund International expansion, build and scale an exceptional customer experience, and add new form factors.