While retailing is a simple concept that anyone can comprehend, efficiently operating a large retail organization has proven to be a complex task. The main reason is the siloed approach that retailers operate their business and their supply chain. There are multiple business units performing different functions to achieve the same high-end goal. Poor communication of each unit’s actions and misalignment of the metrics used to measure performance, make it hard to connect the business strategy and financial targets to execution. Breaking silos is not easy. It might even prove a dangerous task. Instead of disrupting the business, we interconnect it by letting the system adapt to data and processes currently available. We’re developing a platform to leverage the data that our customers have, not that we wished they had.At the core of our platform, we model the physical supply chain moving from a traditional deterministic planning mode to a full stochastic one. This allows us to escape from unknown uncertainty toward known variability by utilizing machine learning (ML) for better predictions.We want our customers to focus on the end result, i.e. optimized, risk balanced decision recommendations. We provide these decisions as a service, while our data science teams are working on a single platform, that can align the business objectives and decision making across the supply chain. Our platform is highly sophisticated at its core and straightforward to the end user.
We don’t sell Software-as-a-Service. Our Decision-as-a-Service offering provides business-focused, technology enabled, highly agile in-house data science teams that utilize our platform to help customers achieve value quickly. Building a partnership with our clients, we accelerate time-to-value over a traditional implement and learn approach; and we provide much greater flexibility than working with a large consulting firm.In most cases customer data is almost certainly worse off than they think it is. Retailers usually never look at their operational, customer, or transaction data. To expect quick results, we first deploy our automated data cleansing processes along with data integrity and anomaly detection checks.The world of supply chain is more complex and uncertain than ever before. We model supply chains with powerful probabilistic frameworks to embed real world uncertainty and mitigate risk. We emphasize and invest in elastic, highly scalable, and high-performance cloud-native service-oriented architectures.Analytics capability is expensive, sometimes prohibitively so. We are offering a service that will provide better decisions and it will pay for itself in a very short time frame.We believe that the pandemic has made clear to retail organizations that uncertainty is something that cannot be neglected as it can heavily disrupt operations. Having a holistic approach to handle uncertainty, provides us andour customers a great advantage against competition.
Smart decisions to operate efficient, sustainable and profitable retail supply chains.
KIVOS team consists of prominent data scientists, software engineers, and business experts, all with high-level academic backgrounds with specialisations (M.Sc or PhD in Engineering, Computer Science, Physics, and Business). Altogether, the team brings tens of years of commercial experience and relevant technical expertise, spanning from business, algorithm and software development, and the optimization of retail supply chain processes. Our team have worked with prominent retail organizations worldwide, including Fortune 500 companies. We have delivered system implementations in the Americas, Europe and Middle East, collaborating with grocers, fashion, telcos, pharmacies, hardline and specialty retailers. Through this exposure, we have been tasked with solving a variety of frontier problems and we have developed intimate familiarity with the challenges facing the retail industry.KIVOS plans to further expand its team by hiring, additional software developers, data scientists, and sales managers to sustain and coordinate the consequent business expansion.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
We are currently not raising a funding round but are always looking to connect with investors, organisations and individuals that can add value to the company. If you're interested please don't hesitate to get in touch.
In 2018, we developed our first functional solution prototype. In 2019, we validated our platform with a real test-case on a small-size (100 million revenue) customer in Middle East and proved its value. We have converted the trial customer to our first subscription. In 2020, we developed the Decision-as-as-Service model and successfully applied it on our first enterprise customer.In 2021, we acquired a new medium sized customer (0.5-1 billion revenue) in Middle East after a successful pilot using our platform. This gave us the ability to test the platform and the service model scalability, in a real-world scenario.In 2022, we’re completing our ISO 27001 certification, improving our operation processes and planning to rollout additional services to existing and new customers in Middle East.
Kivos help retailers achieve their digital transformation initiatives with our state of the art decision support systems. Every day, we deliver decisions to our customers that boost revenues, increase profits, reduce waste and enable rapid responses to changing market dynamics. We are an innovative service provider of cloud-based intelligent retail solutions, supporting buying, merchandising and supply chain processes. We want to create a sustainable retail world.