The team consists of Kostas Argyropoulos Kazakis (Product Director), Nikos Panagopoulos(CEO) and Giorgos Tsanaktsidhs(CTO). All members have studied at the Computer Science department of AUTh and contribute to the project as software engineers. Kostas envisioned the whole platform of Knifeprint before it even had a name. He has grown up with a family with deep ties to the Maker’s movement, and more specifically with his family business directly related to knifemaking. With that knowledge and experience he directs Knifeprints path by managing its marketing strategy, products and their design. Nikos, apart from his technical skills and talent in software development, possesses dedication, out of the box thinking, management and social skills which make him perfect for managing all of Knifeprint's business aspects. Giwrgos has been an integral part of Knifeprint’s success from the start. He has created the biggest part of the website and is an expert in all the technologies used in it.
The first complete cloud platform for knifemakers to design and build their knives.
Knifeprint is addressing all of the problems of knifemaking with the Knifeprint Editor, the Cutting Service and a Marketplace. The Editor combines a user-friendly intuitive design and the power of professional-grade 2D CAD software in a single cloud application. The Cutting service, which is a game changer, allows knifemakers to “print” the knives and parts they have designed on the Editor, with high-end laser and waterjet cutting technologies on the metal they chose. After those parts have been produced, they are sent to the knifemakers’ shop for the final grinding, assembly and the procedures that can only be performed manually. Finally, knifemakers can sell their creations through our peer-to-peer human-centric e-commerce Marketplace.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Knifeprint is the first and only (at the time of writing) complete one-stop solution for knifemakers. By applying the on-demand manufacturing model to the ancient art of knifemaking, we offer a unique service for both novice and professional knifemakers.The Knifeprint Editor balances robust CAD capabilities with ease-of-use and unique knifemaking specific features (serrations, skeletonized handles). Some features that make it stand out from the competition are: Cross-platform online software (no download required), public library with thousands of template designs, 3D preview of design, import designs from DXF file or images, assisted creation of skeletonized handle. The Knifeprint platform is the only platform that allows knifemakers to seamlessly design a knife and then have their design cut on steels of their choice with a few clicks.Knifeprint has the potential to place itself horizontally in the knifemaking market and become a one-stop solution for knifemakers. Knifemakers will use the Knifeprint Editor to design, use the Cutting Service to cut, use Knifeprint manufacturing equipment and consumables (e.g. the belt-grinder being designed) to complete and use the Knifeprint Marketplace to sell their knives. Knifeprint will also be where end consumers(chefs, hunters, collectors etc.) can look for and purchase said knives, being certain of their handmade quality.
Knifeprint launched the Knifeprint Editor beta in Q3 2017. At that time we had entered the 5th cycle of the Enter Grow Go program by Eurobank. While we acquired business knowledge and skills, we also continuously improved and worked on new features for our software. Knifeprint has also earned distinctions in other startup competitions in Greece and Europe.In the summer of 2019 we tested the Cutting Service and fully launched it by the end of 2019. We also completed the development of Knifeprint Marketplace Alpha.In 2020 we achieved 100% user growth and 280% revenue growth compared to 2019. We acquired important customers all around the world and have sold knife blanks to all major markets in Europe, Africa, Asia, Australia and North America. We started prototyping a new manufacturing tool and are also discussing with CERTH (Centre for Research and Technology Hellas) a potential partnership to research and develop cutting edge technologies for the Knifeprint platform.
Knifeprint has scaled beyond Proof of Concept and Proof of Value, we are now looking for funding to scale our production and further penetrate the USA market. Funding will be used to acquire CNC manufacturing equipment and for aggressive marketing through all of the channels we have found effective in the previous years.
Knifeprint is a startup company founded by 3 passionate software engineers with the goal of disrupting the knife industry by providing industrial manufacturing and e-commerce tools to knifemakers. The Knifeprint platform consists of the: Knifeprint Editor(online CAD), Knifeprint Cutting Service(on-demand waterjet/laser cutting) and Knifeprint Marketplace(under development).