KYKLOS GROUP’s innovation and specificity, lies on the fact that its products are produced through innovative methods of recycling wastes. Our company is based in knowledge and research, having exclusively the use until 2038 in three patents. Today we have cooperation agreements with all the aluminum extrusion industries in Greece concerning the Collection, Transportation and Management of their liquid wastes.At the same time, our company is developing to meet all the requirements in order to import the respective wastes from Europe and Turkey and has started negotiations in order to export our products to Europe, Middle East and Africa.KYKLOS GROUP in the last few years has attracted the interest of the whole aluminum extrusion industry. At the same time our products serve the needs of huge industries and give solutions in waste management facilities throughout Greece with a huge load management. We could say that our most significant achievements are summarized below:- Fully licensed in managing, collecting and transporting dangerous wastes.- Innovative chemicals of high quality, produced from wastes dangerous for humans and the environment.- Full recycling of the wastes with an almost zero trace of air, liquid or solid waste throughout the production.- Absolute application of the “circular economy”.- Absolute transparency in the collection, transportation and management process of the dangerous wastes through the publication of all the data in the Electronic Waste
Our team is consisted of 10 staff. A central figure is our chemical engineer who produced our patents and is scientifically responsible of our whole production. He has an exclusive cooperation with KYKLOS GROUP until 2038 and organizes the research and the development of the applications our products have in the market.Also, the other staff members are specialized in business management and digital marketing, automation, installment and maintenance of mechanical equipment and special machine operators.Everyone has been specializing on their respective field through our research and applications and have been with the company for at least five years.The potential for development for KYKLOS GROUP is in the export of our products in Europe, Middle East and Africa, areas where its application has great potential.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
KYKLOS GROUP is based in the 2nd Industrial Area in Volos, Greece and produces chemical products with significant applications in water cleaning, paper industry and concrete industry. The company has all the required licensing for its establishment, such as, Establishment License, Environmental Assessment Approval, Operating License and Nationwide License for Collecting and Transporting Dangerous Wastes.The company is in the Electronic Register of Wastes for: 1. its establishment and 2. for collecting and transporting dangerous wastes.KYKLOS GROUP was founded in 2019 as a successor of KYKLOS. After five years of research and practice we can safely say that we have significant expertise and successfully fulfilled our goal for innovative production of sodium aluminate through recycling caustic soda and aluminum, produced from the mold washing in aluminum extrusion industries.
KYKLOS GROUP’s innovation and specificity, lies on the fact that its products are produced through innovative methods of recycling wastes. Our company is based in knowledge and research, having exclusively the use until 2038 in three patents. Today we have cooperation agreements with all the aluminum extrusion industries in Greece concerning the Collection, Transportation and Management of their liquid wastes.At the same time, our company is developing to meet all the requirements in order to import the respective wastes from Europe and Turkey and has started negotiations in order to export our products to Europe, Middle East and Africa.
KYKLOS GROUP’s expertise, licensing and experience gave solution to the big problem of managing the liquid waste of the aluminum extrusion industry in Greece, using an appropriate environmental method.Our company produces innovative products used in water and wastewater cleaning, applying the principles of the “circular economy”, giving new life to a waste by transforming it fully into a new product. All our procedures are undertaken with absolute respect towards the environment having great sensitivity in the appropriate waste management. The goal of KYKLOS GROUP is to produce zero pollutants (air, liquid, solid) during the waste management process.Sodium aluminate is an inorganic chemical that is used as an effective source of aluminum hydroxide for many industrial and technical applications.•tIn water treatment it is used as an adjunct to water softening systems, as a coagulant aid to improve flocculation, and for removing dissolved solids, silica and phosphates.•tIn construction technology, sodium aluminate is employed to accelerate the solidification of concrete, mainly when working during frost and in Gunite process. •tSodium aluminate is also used in the paper industry, for fire brick production, alumina production and so on. Sodium aluminate solutions are intermediates in the production of zeolites.
Production of chemical flocculants from recycling of waste caustic soda and aluminum
KYKLOS GROUP up until today has been developing and funded by own resources. The need for a dynamic development in the European, Turkish and Middle Eastern markets makes European funds (ESPA) a necessity as well as private funding. A possible funding will help our company in the following fields:- Buy and create a new, modern establishment with increased production capabilities.- Develop the research and production of new innovative products from recycling.- Attract more stuff with high image and knowledge.- Develop the company and its collaborations in Europe, Turkey and Middle East.- The implementation of a digital marketing agenda.- The implementation of a fully automated production system and use of its data for research.- The continuous training of our staff.