Marpoint has been self-funded since day one. looking for sponsorship opportunities to allow for more R&D expenditure, bug fixing and increasing our development Roadmap in order to bring solutions to market faster.
We need to further enhance our direct sales potential by building a solid sales team. Outsourcing vessels IT infrastructure incorporates requires lots of support and installation hours as well new hardware to be installed on vessels. Consequently we need cash flow for stock ordering as well as man power of assembly configuration and installations/deployments. With current expansion rate we will soon reach our capacity and delay installations. We have built a solid team with Dimosthenis as head of product and development team. As Dimosthenis has a proven track record as entrepreneur and product lead. Nikos heads the support and hardware department offering a world clss 24/7/365 support to our customers. Growth potential is to double our 2020 revenue within 2021 and further expand with new products and services in 2022. With this as our target our 100% customer retention and our SaaS business model we believe to have a stable revenue stream with huge growth potentials.
Marpoint development team has created an all in one platform for controlling key vessels IT and communication operations. With new IMO2021 regulations Shipping companies are looking for ways to outsource their vessels IT infrastructure. Marpoints innovative solutions offer decentralized, resilient architecture that gives you control over the fleetwide IT infrastructure. We combines tools developed in house and fromworld class technology providersComputer and server infrastructureNetwork Attached Storage Backup data protectionThin clients remote desktop services Security controlsEnterprise wireless infrastructureRemote diagnostics and monitoringCurrently most if not all small to medium sized shipping companies dont have the resources or knowledge to upgrade their vessels IT infrastructure and follow cybersecurity guidelines.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
MarPoint is a maritime IT company that specializes in providing out of the box solutions for the maritime industry. All the software is developed, modified and customized according to customer’s needs.We currently have an extensive portfolio of deployed gateway management systems in cruise ships, commercial fishing vessels, tankers, bulkers and mega-yachts. More specifically we design and create unique Internet communications platforms that, combined with carefully selected services (i.e IT Managed Services, crew hotspot with BYOD functionality, satellite services Network management, Cybersecurity platform crew welfare Services) offer operational efficiency and network control. Furthermore, MarPoint’s products are in full compliance with IMO2021 and crew welfare regulations while at the same time offering complete cost control and high end solutions.
The only AMS Partner and provider for maritime in Greece. Acknowledgement directly from AWSISO 27001 Certifieddeployment of Marpoint router & services in over 2% of Global maritime merchant fleetRevenue increase year over yearover 1500 vessel installation. Zero downtime and brand name establishment in Global maritime comms market.100% customer retention.
MarPoint’s products and services include a satellite, 3G & WiFi network management suite for ship-to-shore and remote communications needs. Additionally, include Virtualizations options with managed IT services offering remote monitoring and alerting of key vessel IT operations (UPS & printer dashboards, Server alerts and monitoring, cost control, remote inspections, cybersecurity IPS suite as well crew welfare services. Marpoint also produces powerful and affordable enterprise-grade routers for controlling a multi-person vessel network on all satellite broadband installations as well as custom built 4G routers.That said, all of our products and services include a SaaS (Software as a service) paid subscription model.