Lake Spirit Winery has been established in 2018 in order to use biodynamic viticulture techniques for mediterranean (focusing in Greek) varieties newfermentation and packaging technologies to produce and sell fine wine in Europe and USA. In 2020 we manage to produce two wine labels ('erodios' and 'htauros') and we plan to extent our product line to more labels.
Our team consists of an experienced entrepreneur,a marketing expert , an innovative viticulturist & oenologistand a food safety responsible. Our fine products are expected to reach our customers mainly through fine restaurants and special wine bars and the internet channel. We plan to expand in Europe and USA
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
In 15/07/2020 our IN1GB 0042491 proposal submitted within the framework of the CP Interreg V-A “Greece-Bulgaria 2014-2020” has been project approved. The project will be implemented in the period of two years
The rapid pace of technological innovation will likely have a dramatic impact on the wine industry over the next decade. Technology will offer solutions to problems facing grape growers and winemaker and will revolutionize how the wine is packaged and consumed.The biodynamic viticulture (aka grape-growing) helps conserve precious soil, and biodynamically grown grapes make better wine. Wine fermentation has gotten a lot more scientific, and techniques like micro-oxygenation are changing the taste of our wine. After it\'s in the bottle, oxygen is wine\'s enemy, but adding oxygen during key parts of the fermentation process can actually improve a wine's flavor.
In order to speed up our activities we seek 300,000 Euro in order to expand our WINERY
Winemakers are coming up with new ideas for packaging wine, and it’s quite likely that heavy glass bottles will go by the wayside. In fact, some technologists have proposed the idea of edible bottles and augmented reality wine labels.
High Quality Mediterranean Wine using state of the art technologies. The Wine of new Age