Our core product consists of autonomous sensor outposts seamlessly integrated with our open, modular and autonomous software platform, to provide situational awareness and help orchestrate human and machines workflows.Our product can provide cost-efficient solutions for problems such as forest monitoring, fire detection, border security, coastal monitoring or perimeter security of critical infrastructure at remote areas.
Our core technology is a HW & SW platform enabling the distributed fusion of various types of sensors (e.g., cameras, radars, electro-optics, RF) into a single semantically and geometrically coherent tactical view (i.e., a real-time digital twin of the field).This digitization of all field sensor data into asingle 3D canvas enables the dramatic acceleration of various tasks (detection, tracking, geo-location, reporting, or communication of threats).
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
We already have some first pilot installations of our system, for the autonomous monitoring and perimeter security of critical infrastucture.
We are a team with experience in AI, robotics and SW engineering having worked at companies like Apple and Palantir.
We are currently building our first prototypes and pilot installations. We are open to partnerships with large defense contractors.
Autonomous systems tailored for national security challenges in the EU and its allies.
We build autonomous systems to aid those defending the freedom and safety of the European Union and its allies.We are a team with experience in AI, robotics and SW engineering having worked at companies like Apple and Palantir. We bring the advanced AI capabilities and agility of the fast-paced technology world, to the defense and security industries, in order to address challenges in national security and civil protection.In the 21st century, novel security threats rise from rogue actors or hybrid regimes, rapidly adopting new technologies (e.g., armed drones) for asymmetrical attacks. Our mission is to rapidly (within the time frames expected in the tech world and not the present defense industry) design, build and deploy cost-efficient solutions, for preventing, countering and deterring such actors.