Current approaches todiagnosis of neurodegenerative and psychiatric diseases are time-consuming, cost-ineffective and subjective. A solution is required that will allow for an early, accurate and fast diagnosis. Our disruptive solutionusesabove and beyond state-of-the-art Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning methods to detect and monitor universal digital biomarkers based on language, speech and voice.Our solution is mature: it has been extensively and successfully validated for prevention, early detection of cognitive decline and for monitoring to track cognitive changes over time.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Ourfunding needs currently are ~2-3M as a bridge round.
The LANGaware platform has been designed from the ground up to be highly scalable both on the backend and Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence modeling. The algorithms used improve as more data are ingested and the infrastructure has been built on top of scalable technologies that enable to elastically increase the processing power as more data get in.The LANGaware platform is already designed to be multi-modal, leveraging features extracted from language and speech, and can easily be extended with additional data from connected devices.The LANGaware platform offers a flexible API that allows it to collect data from various sources. It is developed in a way that it can easily recognize a number of data formats internally, thus taking this burden off the source system, reassuring interoperability.
Our strategy involves the entering of LANGaware to the pharmaceutical industry in Europe, then in the US. Then we are then planning to enter the health care system both in Europe and in the US.
The machine learning and language biomarkers solution for neurological pathologies detection
We have already booked deals with healthcare centers and big pharmaceutical companies.
LANGaware is a health- and deep-tech startup providing the right solution for the early, efficient, fast, objective and accurate detection of neurodegenerative and psychiatric diseases. LANGaware offers easy, affordable, accurate, and earlydiagnosis of neurodegenerative and psychiatric diseases and monitoring of one’s cognitive changes and disease progress over time.