Our short term goal is to raise 400K for the next 2 years and further develop our product. Our long term goal is to raise 1.2M in order to expand abroad, in english-speaking markets. The break-even is expected during the 3rd year.
Tales of Alexandria is an educational platform of persistent gaming. We deliver personalized courseware so that children can safely enrich their stimuli from early age, develop their competences, find motivation, and cover their social needs while having fun. Children will be able to have access on courses and in that way, evolve in the game by gaining experience points. In Alexandria we focus on individuals! Every child is going through an assessment just after the registration that gives us intelligence about the interests, competences knowledge gaps capabilities and preferable learning style of each user. Moreover, in Alexandria, all children can draw a different learning path, going through the seven different cognitive areas offered, corresponding to their needs since there is no linear approach in learning. Furthermore, we provide them a map of a customized rout based on their interests, weak and strong points while we combine that with a layer of an alive-evolving community and fun. The differentiation allows them to express and develop themselves while we force them to interact with their physical environment as well as with other children. On top of that, we use positive psychology to further engage them and parental control to make their journey safe. In this way we manage to keep the children in the flow of the game!
RnD & IP: original Map of Competences to automate the competence development of the users. original Psychometric Tool for personalizing the learning path of the users. Data that will be used to train our AI system to classify the users. algorithm for Automated Detailed Reporting for our Psychometric Tool to scale-up its use. detailed and original Lesson Plans for Greek typical education and non-typical education Original and intriguing Concept for the persistent game of the platform and corresponding custom-made illustrations.Proof of Concept & Paying Customers: Evaluating our learning objects, psychometric tools and teaching strategies offline for 5 years. We have more than 4.000 paying customers every year using our contentAverage annual growth rate of 30% for the last 5 yearsAnnual income of 150.000€ jointly with our research associates that apply and evaluate the contentDatabase of over 14.000 people that are engaged customers in the Greek and Cypriot market. MVP platform “Tales of Alexandria” to make the transition to online delivery method. “Out of the Box Challenge”, that will drive our users to our platform.
In 2012 we started changing the paradigm in the educational reality. To do so we created an educational brand, called Charismatheia, to provide personalized master classes to gifted children as extra curriculum activity. Learning Out of the Box is an evolution of this initiative and, through the Tales of Alexandria, it has as major goal; to scale up the effort and highlight the importance of creativity and critical thinking in learning! Today we are 15 people who work for the initiative combining pedagogical, technological, and aesthetic expertise, as well as knowledge on educational psychology and cognitive science. Besides the business development and the project management, the team consists of front-end and back-end developers, a concept designer and game expert, an art director, illustrators, and content developers. On top of that, we have consultants in all areas needed, namely in e-business, education, and educational psychology. We gathered expertise in all the areas needed for our initiative but, first and first and foremost, we have a vision to change the paradigm in education and we are working to it!
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Alexandria is a marketplace, with no direct competitors and in this case the first takes it all. The content providers will prefer to put their content in our marketplace, turning even more users to our platform. So, Alexandria will grow like the avalanche effect. Finally, there is a void in the social network market for a major player that will develop a social network for children under 13 years old and will engage them before any other social network does.A great advantage of Alexandria is the prior assessment of the users. Furthermore, the Persistency of the Game provided requires a sophisticated technology and architecture. This Persistency allows us to have the concept of an educational Game, but not in a predefined environment. The expertise that exists in special education and the ongoing research provides an extra advantage while the sophisticated algorithms, psychometric tools and norms will be difficult to be outperformed or duplicated. Our systems will be trained by the data that we already have accumulated, and our algorithms will become stronger and stronger as we collect more data. Also, we have originall, top-level content that is greatly difficult to be matched by existing content and copying that content can be very time-consuming process. We are changing the paradigm in the educational reality, making the transition from standardised learning to developing soft skills; helping the children to develop and change their view towards knowledge.
Today, there are more than 529 million parents around the world that are anxious about the fact that their children are throwing away on average 6.5 hours per day in front of a screen, without doing anything fruitful. On top of that, children tend to lose their interest in school due to the way that they are being taught. Children, most of the times, get standardized education that can’t fit to their needs, especially those that diverge from the average. Learning is primarily about memorizing. It focuses on the acquisition of information and it is a result of industrialization. Nowadays though, in the era of information, it is not possible for someone to keep up with the upcoming data. It is more important for the children to develop the soft skills that will help them to process information than memorize it. In the past decades, there have been no major blockbusters in educational software. Software focused on children, the demographic with the biggest claims on fun, are not getting it where they arguably need it most — in learning. We want to fil that gap by building the first educational software that parents, teachers and children will agree on. To this end, we provide a global marketplace of tailor-made packaged content that is delivered through a conceptual gamified environment and can be taught, asynchronously, at any time and any place. We are creating the “game” on which parents, teachers and children will agree on.
Global marketplace of tailor-made packaged content that is delivered through a gamified environment.