We provide a platform that hides the complexity of modern software development by simplifying and automating the process. Our platform enables a broader audience with limited experience in programming to develop custom web and mobile applications easier and faster. It supports the whole process from visually coding the user interface and application logic through testing and delivering the final software product to its end-users.
We are raising the 2nd seed round to increase the size of the team on a path to broaden our customer base, support and evolve the product and achieve product-market fit and become sustainable.
Open low-code platform for custom web and mobile application development
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Allcancode combines technological and business model innovation based on the following points:- Future-proof. We don't lock customers into proprietary technologies and we export code for popular frameworks. - No limitations. We support custom UI layouts, which are not limited by templates, and custom application logic that is not limited by prefabricated code libraries.- No operating costs. There are no extra (hidden) charges for the end-users of the apps built with the platform.- Learn in days. Non-experienced in coding can learn to use our platform in days and master it in weeks so that they can focus on building their applications.There is an increasing demand for low-code platforms and alternative software development processes. Larger market incumbents provide older tools that lock customers in very expensive legacy technologies. In parallel, medium-sized organizations start to embrace the low-code approach. It is a matter of building awareness of our product as fast as possible. Limited access to financial resources could become a barrier.
Pivoting from an EdTech startup teaching kids how to code through a very popular game (Run Marco!), we operated as a software house for 2+ years to battle-test and evolve our platform before making it generally available. In parallel, we developed a training program which was completed by 70+ people. We delivered 40+ projects for 16 customers and starting from 2021Q1 we are releasing version 5 of our platform to select customers from our target groups.
In the era of digital transformation, demand for software developers is higher than the available supply, which makes development times longer and drives software production costs higher. In parallel developers struggle to keep up with emerging technologies and the Babel of programming languages and frameworks. Allcancode provides an environment where people with limited programming experience can develop custom web and mobile applications at a fraction of the time and cost involved in traditional software production.
Kostas Karolemeas, CEO/CTO is a 2nd-time founder and has 29 years of professional experience in software product development.Spiros Alvertis, Chief Designer, Marketing: 22 years of professional experience in design.An experienced business development executive recently joined the management team.