Funding is sought to further accelerate the innovation activities and grow the team. Growth potential is pursued by attracting research contracts from end users and space agencies. A prime example is ESA funding – Greece is an ESA member dedicating multi-million funding for product development and qualification in the relevant satellite laser communication domain
2018: •tCompany founded•tFirst grant awarded by the European Commission. H2020-SPACE-ORIONAS (www.space-orionas.eu). Role: project co-ordinator and developer of optical transceiver and optical amplifier circuits.2019: •tSecond grant awarded by the European Commission. H2020-SPACE-VERTIGO (www.space-vertigo.eu). Role: design of optical amplifier circuits.•tThird grant awarded by the European Commission. H2020-SPACE-SIPHODIAS (www.space-siphodias.eu). Role: project co-ordinator and developer of optical transceiver electronics.•tCompleted the first round of fund raising ~1 Meuro.2020: Completed the design cycle of the product prototypes. Delivery expected in 2021.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
We develop electronic and photonic transceiver integrated circuits for high-speed inter and intra-satellite optical interconnects. Our product development focus is on high-speed rad-hard transceiver electronic integrated circuits for intra-satellite fiber optic links as well as electronic-photonic transceiver integrated circuits for inter-satellite free space laser communication links. Both products are in development through established research collaborations with end-users and semiconductor foundries. These components are considered critical in the development of high-speed and miniaturized optical transceivers; the devices that deliver the primary functions of data generation and detection within a satellite laser link. Our products can contribute to a massive increase of the inter-satellite link capacity as well as to the mass reduction of intra-satellite interconnects.
Dr Leontios Stampoulidis (company founder): 20 years of product development, R&D and entrepreneurial experience. Lead several commercial, ESA and EU projects. Lead a successful start-up acquisition (2013 Constelex Ltd). Responsible for product development and principal investigator of two multi-million R&D programmes.PhD in photonic communication systems, 100 publications and 3 patents.Dr Ilias Sourikopoulos (EIC designer): >15 years IC design experience. PhD in IC design - CNRS University of Lille. Master's in IC design from the National University of Athens. Responsible for the development of transceiver electronics in SiGe BiCMOS technology.Dr Ahmed Osman (PIC design engineer): PhD in photonic integrated circuit design - University of Southampton. BSc degree in Electronics Engineering from the Technological Educational Institute of Athens. Expertise in design of silicon photonic integrated circuits. Responsible for the development of transceiver circuits in photonics BiCMOS process.
We develop electronic and photonic integrated circuits for satellite communications applications.
Shaping the new generation satellite communication around photonics is widely recognized as a key innovation to be embraced by the space industry worldwide. Delivering this target is only possible with the introduction of innovations on the underlying technology level – we introduce leading-edge innovations and novelties when designing the key enabling electronic/photonic integrated circuits to achieve low power operation, allow considerable system mass/volume savings and comply with harsh environment constraints. The innovative company character has been also acknowledged by the award of 2 research grants (H2020-SPACE-ORIONAS, H2020-SPACE-SIPHODIAS) that the company founder has lead from their conception to their current co-ordination and execution. They are both Research and Innovation Actions (RIA) – this is a specific type of action defined by the EU characterized by its research intensive and innovative character.The company was founded by a single member in 2018 and in 2020 employs 3 full time engineers – all the engineers have re-patriated from abroad (France and United Kingdom). The company has already secured funding to further grow by another 2 engineers – job vacancies are currently open – and as such there is currently a strong potential for fueling growth. This man-power is sufficient to implement the company’s strategic plan and product development within the next 2-3 years and establish a strong circuit design capability for space applications within Greece.
Developer of electronic and photonic integrated circuits and systems for satellite lasercom