Loctio offers location estimation services in a Location as a Service (LaaS) model for IoT devices. The company’s solution has the ability to provide integral (chip/ module enabled) precise position estimation services to numerous applications while offering unprecedented power efficiency and phenomenal accuracy. The underlying technology uses solely Radio Frequency (RF) and digitalization circuitry for capturing the Global Navigation Satellite System (GNSS) signals and other signals of opportunity (cellular, BLE). The result prolongs the lifespan of IoT device batteries by migrating to the Cloud or Edge the vast majority of power-consuming calculations for reckoning location. Offering on top an advanced GNSS anti-spoofing shield, Loctio enhances its LaaS model with security capabilities that dovetail perfectly with any IoT deployment.
Loctio mission is to democratize the location-based services by catering position capabilities to billions of IoT devices out there, most of them confined by limited processing and power resources
The underlying technology uses solely Radio Frequency (RF) and digitalization circuitry for capturing the Global Navigation Satellite System (GNSS) signals and other signals of opportunity (cellular, BLE). The result prolongs the lifespan of IoT device batteries by migrating to the Cloud or Edge the vast majority of power-consuming calculations for reckoning location. Offering on top an advanced GNSS anti-spoofing shield, Loctio enhances its LaaS model with security capabilities that dovetail perfectly with any IoT deployment.
Loctio delivers low power positioning capabilities to IoT devices
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Loctio has already drawn the interest of two renowned chip-makers willing to enable their NB-IoT/GNSS chips with Loctio IP and allow in this way their customers to use the LaaS.
The team comprises founders from both industry and academia and will be continuing to bridge innovative research in the areas of low power GNSS and 5G positioning with commercial use-cases.
Loctio raised pre-seed funding round in March of 2020 of about 500K Euros while it is seeking a seed or series A within 2021. The amount that will be chased depends on the growth plan and is something in-between 3 and 5M Euros.