AI Machine Vision technology is at the edge, growing at a very promising pace at the moment and very specialized indeed. The application of such technologies in the shipping industry can be disruptive in the way commercial agreements are formed, operations taking place and the overall mentality of the stakeholders towards efficiency, transparency, safety and productivity. Machine Vision can be complimentary to existing IoT solutions that have opened the way in our industry.Around 50,000 commercial vessels carry 90% of the consumed goods worldwide with industry stakeholders across the world in need of real data. Examples are the insurers, the charterers, regulatory bodies, financing institutions, port authorities, manning agencies, third party technical managers and so on. Our two industries of focus beyond shipping is the offshore industry and the refineries where the applicability of our solutions is significant, hence our cooperation with key entities there from and our preparatory actions before we commence pilot applications on ocean rigs and shore refineries.
We have approximately 20 clients to date, mainly ship managers, and near 100 ships adopting our solutions, a growing pipeline of around 1500 vessels and partners like Otesat-Maritel and Pivotel acting as our resellers. With a a professional team to confidently offer our services and support our clients, we are so pleased gradually implementing our vision to create situational awareness onboard ships. Complimentary to our core team, we have a strong network working with companies like Irida-Labs specializing in Machine Vision while establishing very promising joint development projects with key universities and research centers in Greece and abroad. We have been shortlisted in two consecutive years for the Safety4Sea Technology Award and have been published in websites of companies like Marine Traffic and Safety4Sea.
AI Machine Vision enabled real time visual monitoring & remote survey of ships worldwide
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
M2Intelligence is a bootstrapped company established in 2019, applying edge technology in solutions focusing in the Maritime Industry.We are offering our services to clients wishing to remotely monitor their ships by visual means across the oceans, and remotely perform inspections worldwide, 24/7.Our vision has been clear from day one. To achieve situational awareness onboard ships by applying AI Machine Vision technology for real time monitoring & alerting, risk status of vessel and data collection for statistical analyses. We are currently running pilot projects with clients on this latest technology and are in the process of fund raising to accelerate the innovation and product formation.
The existing products are the Global Vessel Monitoring Solution (GVMS) and the Global Remote Assistance Solution (GRAS), both of which allow for ship managers to have real eyes on their ships, worldwide / mid-ocean. The former comprises a set of cameras located in critical areas of the ships, allowing for real time video footage fed to the people ashore while recording at the same time. The latter, enables remote surveys utilizing a portable device which carried out through the ship spaces allows for two way audio communication and video streaming. Our new product, the M2_Smart_Platform, will collect smart data from the smart enabled camera systems on the ships to effectively inform operators ashore of the status of the vessel. Features include the presence/absence and heatmapping of sea farers, identification of personal protective equipment, events recognition with time and location stamp, weather conditions and many more that affect operational, legal, regulatory, insurance, ESG matters and more.
The core team members of M2i have a traction of over 18 years in the Shipping and Technology Industries with excellent understanding of the individualities involved and a strong penetration and network.A tested team, taking small and steady steps to ensure that relationships with partners and clients are strong and long-lasting.We are passionate and devoted but realists when it comes to preparing our strategies and implementation as we have faced challenges and constantly look for ways to improve and grow.We have worked with the market and have attracted, probably the most competent and specialized technology teams in Greece and remain agile to work with them in an efficient way in order to ensure that our projects make progress at the maximum possible pace and controlled risk.
We anticipate to receive funding under the Greek Development Law in 2023 while focus in raising funds from angel investors from within the industry and VCs across the world.Our funding needs towards an MVP for the next 12-16 months are in the range of 1.2 million euros.This will cover for team growth, technology innovation and productization, pilot applications as well promotion and sales.