MABY offers a fast and cost-effective platform for the discovery of human monoclonal antibodies.
Our high-throughput platform differs from the traditional mAb discovery methods in that it is based on a new technology that allows for the expansion of single antibody-producing cells and the screening of natural mAbs against any form of antigen. It offers minimal time for screening and identifying B cell clones that produce the desired mAbs, even for low-budget projects, without compromising quality. Although the principle of culturing B cells is not new, we have adapted it for human and mouse mAb applications and have successfully applied it, focusing on ease of use and low costs, even for difficult targets such as GPCRs (G protein-coupled receptors). Overall, our company is structured to focus on providing customized solutions that are tailored to our clients' needs. With our founders’ combined expertise in B cell neuroimmunology as well as neurobiology, we believe that we have a significant competitive advantage, which adds value to our unique business model.
Our company provides a high-throughput platform for the discovery and production of human and murine mAbs. Our platform’s technology enables the culturing of many thousands single B cells and their in vitro induction into antibody-producing cells, mimicking natural conditions. Due to its high efficiency, simplicity, and low production costs, this method allows for screening of naturally-derived, novel therapeutic drugs against any target.
Monoclonal antibodies (mAbs) are invaluable tools in medical research, diagnosis, and treatment of cancer, autoimmunity, and infection. Despite the availability of several technologies, the rapid and efficient generation of mAbs is still hampered by technical difficulties. "MABY," our startup, provides the discovery and production of human or mouse mAbs using our novel single B cell culture platform, which is fast, cost-effective, and high-throughput. In addition to custom-made mAbs, our combined expertise in B cell immunology, neurobiology, and neurodegeneration allows us to develop new therapeutic mAbs for central and peripheral nervous system diseases.
We are seeking investors and strategic partners to reach new markets and grow our team.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
The full execution of our business plan is a lengthy process, but we are determined to reach all the milestones that will enable us to evolve and grow into a long-term profitable organization. We are partnering with the University of Zurich’s Immunology consortium, for the development of cell-based immunotherapies for endocrinological malignancies. This contract allows us to achieve our business objectives by generating revenue already from the first months of operation. Additionally, we have been awarded a Mentoring and Coaching award by the European Institute of Technology to assist us with business management.
Our team comprises 5 advanced-level researchers and was formed after years of fruitful collaboration, friendship, and a shared vision to ultimately develop efficient and affordable immunotherapeutic drugs for patients in need. Dr. Zografou is the chief operating officer of MABY and has extensive experience in the field of B cell immunology, as she completed postdoctoral appointments at the Department of Neurology and Immunobiology of Yale University and the Department of Neuropathology of University Hospital Zurich. Dr. Stathopoulos is an Assistant Professor of Neuroimmunology at the University of Athens. Dr. O'Connor is a tenured Associate Professor of Neurology and Immunobiology at Yale University; both focus on B cell biology. Drs. Denaxa and Skoulakis are Principal Investigators in Developmental Neurobiology and Molecular Cognitive Biology, respectively, at BSRC ‘A. Fleming’.