We utilize known tools and processes with an innovative business model. ManaGi has not invented the wheel but made the charriot fly. The 2 main competitors of ManaGi are https://hellasfoodworld.com/ and https://www.yolenis.com/en-global/. The first promises sales through a network of potential clients (only B2B) while asking a respectable amount of money per business for their participation in their business actions of promotion. The second is more oriented in B2C, having retail points of sale, buying and stocking the goods.ManaGi’s main advantages over its competitors are:● 0 stock of products, 0 warehousing costs● Low operative costs due to the outsourcing of the services provided● E-shop in 6 foreign languages with strong expansion potential● Low cost for the participation in B2B promotion events due to the division of it tothe number of producer partners● Low registration fee for the producers partners
ManaGi has been solely funded by its CEO and is operating officially since March 2019. ✔wholesale exports in 12 Countries ✔100+ partnerships with producers & 1200+ product codes✔executed more than 300 retail orders through its e-shop worldwide✔100+ wholesale exports in twelve countries✔2 exclusive agreements importers-representatives (Singapore, Hong Kong)✔top 3 in .eu Web Awards 2020 in “Rising Stars” category✔2020 Best Greek F&B Platform Award by the British Magazine Lux Life
Managi bridges the Greek primary sector food products with the world markets both B2B and B2C. It is an export gate for Greek producers.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
ManaGi SMPC is the first Greek company that provides a full range of services to the Greek producers functioning as their outsourced wholesale exports depatment. Utilizing the business model of cooperative economy, managi.eu achieves economies of scale through the number of its producers partnersotherwise unachievable for each producer alone. Producer enrolls at managi platform. Then managi does every action from marketing to sales and export. E-shop buyers just place orders and managi consolidates ordered items before shipping. Tha same procedure stands for wholesale buyers as well. After queries are discussed, managi consolidates orders and arranges the export process.Our strategy includes complete digitalization of all processes, such as working in cloud environment, issuing digital invoices, going paperless and e-trading. Managi.eu also represents its producers partners in trade events worldwide splitting the participation costs to all participants thus offering affordable fees for the Greek businesses who suffer from the lack of cash flow. Last but not least we offer an e-shop tool for all our partners giving them the ability to also generate profit from retail sales along with translation, certification and audio-visual material creation services through strategic partnerships.
ManaGi aims at 2.5millions euros funding.Having explained the operational model of ManaGi we conclude that the largest part of the investment is going to be directed to marketing and promotion. The 2 separate websites serve as excellent marketing tools providing products and producers information, e-shop (managi.eu) for the retail sales of its products and an automated onlinewholesale offer request tool (b2bmanagi.com).Therefore marketing tools such as social media campaigns, mail campaigns, SEO and search engine ad campaigns will be used contributing to global awareness ultimately leading to the continuous creation ofmore and more partnerships with producing and manufacturing companies and successful trade agreements and sales both in B2B and B2C.Additionally the investment will contribute to the expansion of the websites’s languages and to specialized localization of them, to certain target-markets. An amount of the investment will beused for quality standards certifications, ultimately increasing the company’s credibility regarding its operations and quality of services.
Panos Chatzilazaridis, Founder and CEOApostolis Giantsidis, co-founder and Business Development ManagerGrigorios Koutsouflianos, co-founder and Managing DirectorWe are passionate about our project and therefore we are 100% committed to succeedWe have the necessary background in the industry to understand how we are able to provide solutions for our customersWe have performed extens ive research on the industry and its pain pointsOur combined skill s fill each other s gaps resulting in a high efficiency team of cofounders and carefully selected and trained employeesWe are the first to have used the business model of cooperative economy, creating the best possible conditions for the success of our missionManaGi offers the most contemporary and innovative solution for ultimately bridging the gap betweenproducing and manufacturing companies in the F&B sector and the international market. It is a necessityto move on to cooperative models of economy according to the directives of the EU in order toultimately organize the supply chain in such way that SMEs gain a smooth access to international buyerswith a reasonable investment within their financial capabilities.ManaGi team aspouses this idea to the fullest therefore created through thorough market research perproblem-to-be-solved, a solid and complete marketing tool for the achievement of the above.
Managi gets Greek primary sector's foodstuffs to world markets either B2B or B2C.