Synthesis has won the Seal of Excellence from the European Commission's EIC.Furthermore, the team behind Synthesis has won multiple awards in financial innovation and is often quoted in the financial press. Even though the software is brand new, Maven has a very strong pipeline from the corporate clients of its regulated sister company, Maven Global. Two Nasdaq listed companies are already using the Synthesis software.
The CEO has more than 25 years experience in financial markets with previous roles including Managing Director and Global Head of Structuring at Merrill Lynch and Barclays;he is also the d. director of Cass Business School's Center for Innovation and Disruption. The CTO has more than 20 years in the industry previously having senior roles at Upstream and Atypon. The Maven Board is very diverse and including a professor from Harvard Business School and a former CEO of a leading investment bank.
European corporates (particularly the MidCap/SME segment) have very low access to advice, especially in areas such as energy prices, raw materials costs, interest rates etc. Maven Synthesis is a cloud based application that provides corporate Treasuries with the right tools to quantify their financial risks and suggests optimal hedging strategies where available. Synthesis allows corporates to digitize Risk Management while at the same time get independent advice from state of the art quantitative models.
Maven Synthesis is a Digital Risk Management software for companies exposed to financial risk such as interest rates, currencies, energy and commodity prices. This is particularly relevant at time of increased volatility in financial markets, supply chain dislocations and geopolitical uncertainty.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Maven Synthesis is using the latest AI/ML models to quantify risk and optimise hedging strategies. Furthermore, the cloud architecture designed to support these data-intensive models has been optimised for a large number of users. The software is easily scalable for a high number of companies with no size restrictions.
Synthesis is currently bootstrapped from Maven Global. When the product has enough critical mass, external financing might be sought to fund rapid growth in multiple countries.