We utilize digital marketing and sales strategies in order to grow our business. More international growth will come with the addition of two planned features, which will be released shortly.
Major international consumer goods manufacturers trust our product for their price monitoring needs, as well as major international Supermarkets in order to monitor their competition with a custom solution.On top of that, we also serve small ecommerce stores that want to stay price competitive.We are profitable, bootstrapped and growing at a steady pace.
Altosight is the most accurate price monitoring software for consumer goods manufacturers and ecommerce stores.Consumer goods manufacturers can monitor their products' online prices and compare them to their competitors. They also view which products are out of stock on their clients' ecommerce websites. US businesses can also monitor and enforce their MAP policies.Ecommerce stores can monitor their competitors' prices, know instantly where they are cheap and where expensive. They also get price recommendations to maximize their revenues and profits, while staying competitive.
There are three important innovations with our solution:1) We use both machine learning and human verification to achieve 99.99% - 100% product matching accuracy. This means that regardless of how each retailer names the same product, we will match it accurately. 2) We can take more data per link than just the price. If a client wants some extra data from a web page, we can take it. This can be multiple prices per page, descriptions, reviews, product availability and more.3) With our dynamic crawler we automatically find and replace dead links. If a product page changes location or gets replaced, we will find the new link of the existing product and update it in our database.The above three competitive advantages are our key differentiators which have helped us separate from the competition. We will add more in the near future which will help us scale faster internationally.Our product has been made to scale - every new user gets added immediately without adding a significant workload to our service.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Altosight makes use of A.I. technologies such as Deep Learning and Reinforcement Learning in order to assist with accurate product matching, as well as automatically crawling websites and detecting price anomalies.We use both machine learning and human verification to achieve 99.99% - 100% product matching accuracy. This means that regardless of how each retailer names the same product, we will match it accurately. Also, we take more data per link than just the price. Clients who want more data extracted from a web page or a custom sophisticated solution come to us.Our dynamic crawler automatically finds and replaces dead links. If a product page changes location or gets replaced, we will find the new link of the existing product and update it in our database automatically.Our solution is offered through web app, daily reporting and API.
Altosight has been bootstrapped so far, using a small initial personal investment and then using its own revenues. At the moment we are profitable and scaling so there is no need currently for a funding round.
Competitor and MAP price monitoring, assisted by AI, for manufacturers and retailers.