All of our systems are able to upscale or downscale within minutes.
We would like to be able to employ more developers so we can complete our roadmap in a shorter period.
MDIT is a Healthcare IT company with many years of proven experience in IT, with specialisation in the field of health services, both in Greece and in the United Kingdom, implementing IT and digital transformation projects. At MDIT we believe in partnerships to successfully respond to the specialised and ever-changing needs of our customers. We work with leading Institutions and international companies that provide IT solutions to the British National Healthcare System, one of the biggest healthcare providers globally.
myPAS-Patient Administration SystemmyPAS is the most modern, advanced and flexible appointment management and billing system. It has been specifically designed by Hospital Managers, Receptionists and British NHS doctors and doctors in Greece to meet all healthcare professionals needs.Doctor AnywhereDoctor Anywhere is a telemedicine platform, which allows the secure communication between healthcare professionals, as well as healthcare professionals and patients. It provides secure file sharing, web-based video conferencing tool which is used to provide video consultations to patients and service users through virtual clinics and messaging. OpenEyes™ The Leading Open Source EPR For OphthalmologyOpenEyes™ is the leading open-source electronic patient record (EPR) for ophthalmology. It has been designed by clinicians to be fast in delivering content, fast to navigate and easy (and fun) to use.f2 Medical Asset Management Systemf2 is a dynamic and innovative product which combines leading edge web technology to cater for the operational demands of any organisation. f2 is the leading medical asset management system for medical devices, consumables, stock management, contracts, device technical history, documents and many more.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Our ethos, hard work, passion for innovation and providing a high quality of services and products are the core values ​​of our company.
Our products are being used in more than 10 clinics, they have transformed and improved the patient journey and have helped our clients to realise hard cost releasing benefits.