We are building a unique Market Network for infertility with 3 main pillars.·Our Marketplace simplifies the fertility journey by providing one stop service for customers. ·Our Network digitally connects patients to providers while developing and promoting their potential.·Our Smart Platform enables our network and marketplace by providing tools that support an automated experience for both patients and providers.Exceeding performance in all, puts us in an advantageous position against our competitors.Our Market Network and a fast growing FemTech industry, ensures that growth potential is vast. Our B2B2C business model allows us to grow rapidly and efficiently with a gross margin at about 80%. More specifically, our main Cost of Goods Sold are our success managers (customer support), our technology infrastructure and the marketing cost. By investing in building and optimizing our technology infrastructure (SaaS platform) we increase the capacity of each success manager. Also, our demonstrated expertise in digital advertising and content marketing paired with the inflow of patients from our healthcare providers in our platform, will continue to decrease our Customer Acquisition Cost.Based on our KPIs the last 2 years and with modest projections we expect that by 2025 our platform will be supporting about 210.000 patients that accounts for 1,5% of the total EU ART market. That would get us to an estimated income of over 7M € driving our company valuation at around 50M €.
Provide an Effortless Path to Fertility with selected top specialists through our smart digital platform.We organize and guide women throughout the whole process, providing solutions, so they can focus on their goal and their wellbeing and get the personalized support they need to achieve it. Also, our providers develop their potential by using MediSaaS Platform and all our tools for their customer pool as well.Fertilitypass.com·OB/Gyn / Fertility coaching·Expanded network – 1+ fertility destinations·Smart knowledge centerMedipass.site·Showcasing providers – access to new markets·Clinics’ validation with proprietary scheme·Patient-provider matching with machine learning·Affordable rates·Innovative treatmentsMediSaaS Platform·In-house analytics– success rates·Ensure providers quality– KPI’s monitoring·End to end case management·Interactive communication tools
Provide an Effortless Path to Fertility with selected top specialists via our smart digital platform
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
After having made a detailed financial plan combined with the milestones of the company which determine our strategic goals and objectives for the next 5 years, we have concluded to the below funding needs, as a first step:Stage: Seed RoundAmount: 400.000€Duration: 18 monthsAllocation and plan:45% ProductOnline ConsultationsPayments/Travel bookingsIn House Data AnalysisCustomer DatabaseDevelop SaaS Platform30% MarketingDevelop Fertility PassRump Up Content Creation/SEOEnhance CJ Automation Rump Up PPC25% Sales PartnershipsOB/GYN - Fertility CoachClinics validation processReferral scheme with infertility specialistsRump Up B2B SalesThis is an ongoing process and the seed round funding will help us accelerate our market penetration, maximize our profit margin and achieve fast growth.
Fertility is our purpose, not a product!Roughly about 50% of the people reaching out to us, are using the word “Hope”.…is there still hope for us?…the hope of a child…seems like my last hope…felt happy and get another hope to have a babyIt rang a bell! Not many things in life produce this kind of intense feelings, anticipation, expectation, suffering, coming to the last resort that “hope” can give. And not many words are so misleading and dangerous as “hope” is.It then became our clear mission! To guide and support them from the moment they discover infertility to the moment they defeat it, either through acceptance or conception while making our providers stand out and live up to their expectations.Τhe fight against Infertility cannot be won by giving false hopes and misleading numbers of success. It lies upon transparency, simplicity, knowledge, trust and medical excellency.And this is what MEDIPASS can achieve, providing solutions to both patients and healthcare providers. With our fertility smart knowledge center, our booking engine and a SaaS Platform, we untangle the fertility journey for the patient and the handling process for the provider.Adding up a team that is dedicated and more than capable of fulfilling this mission, makes MEDIPASS the perfect ally to those battling infertility!
Our Marketplace launched in 2018 providing a variety of medical treatments. Soon we realized that there was an intensive interest in fertility treatments thus we shifted our strategy. Our team consisted of 3 Founders, 2 early investors-advisors and in 2019 it has been strengthened with a communication specialist. As a bootstrap company assisted by our early investors-advisors, we managed to enter the market and achieve our first sales in a short amount of time. In June 2020, we entered the Egg (enter*grow*go) accelerator program which helped us grow our business and thinking. Being close to achieving Product Market Fit gives us the confidence to raise funds for scaling up.Our achievementsPerformed:•40+ fertility treatments in Greece with patients from all around the world•valued for providers at ~72.000,00€ •MEDIPASS revenue ~13.000,00 €Pipeline:•244 open cases of which 92 consulting doctors & 25 treatments expected and on hold•Total value at ~460.000,00€ with a projected MEDIPASS revenue ~15.000,00 €We have on boarded 31 healthcare providers, of which 7 are fertility specialists, with the last ones constituting our main focus. We expect to welcome another 6 shortly.Having handled more than 1000 infertility cases, our perspective has grown significantly in terms of what a patient and a doctor needs and thereby how to provide it to them. Thus, we expect to continue contributing to the local economy while trying to expand and create more fertility destinations.
“The strength of the team is each individual member.The strength of each member is the team”Nick Stasinopoulos (Growth Lead-CoFounder)He builds our user-friendly platform and leads business development initiatives.He has a strong background in Sales, e-business, IT and is skilled in growth marketing and web development.A “live and learn” mentality and a strong believer that personal growth is the most important factor for prosperity and continuity.Vivi Georgakopoulou (Partnerships–CoFounder)The one to attract new doctors & clinics while managing all administrative affairs.Scientific Assistant of a member of the Hellenic Parliament for over 10 years, handling parliamentary affairs and legislative processes with an emphasis in the Health Sector. Specialization in Management of Health as an economist.Eager to watch the company grow by building strong partnerships.Eftychia Salta (Customer Success Manager)An auditory type, hearing and empathizing with people’s needs. Making sure that everyone involved gets the personalized support they deserve.Many years of experience in CS positions (AIA, TP Apple’s Project, NTUA)A strong start-up mentality and passion for people.Through our diversity, our demonstrated resilience and commitment and our willingness to succeed, we have laid the groundwork for distinction. Fertility industry needs to change and only people like us can make this change happen.