Web-based inventory, order, invoice and manufacturing management for medium-sized businesses.
Megaventory helps medium-sized businesses to manage their sales, purchasing, manufacturing, and inventory operations by providing a clean and simple interface to log all their supply chain operations. These operations are too complex for many businesses to handle efficiently and that results in delays in customer orders and bad inventory optimization. Existing solutions are not user-friendly and are very expensive for many businesses – Megaventory is here to fill in this gap!
Megaventory has attracted the attention of companies such as Delonghi, Groupon, Infarm, and more that are using or have used its product for significant periods of time. In addition to this, it is constantly placed in the top 5 or 10 positions of worldwide ranks by established market research leader sites of Gartner such as capterra.com and getapp.com. Megaventory has grown to be among the top vendors in its niche - all without external funding and lending.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Megaventory’s technology: a) breaks the complex operations involved in sales, purchasing, and manufacturing of physical goods in modular steps that are easier to handle and understand and b) interconnects these operations from one to the other end of the supply chain. Megaventory is a must-have tool because it not only provides a tool to log supply chain operations but is the basis for the correct handling of the procedures involved in these operations.
Megaventory - ERP for growing businesses - Discount 50.00%
Megaventory's innovation lies in transferring existing best practices in hosted/on-premises ERP and other business software solutions onto the cloud. This approach provides significant benefits both for Megaventoy itself, its customers and also the end-users. In particular, Megaventory is considerably more efficient, user-friendly, scalable, secure and robust. The unique value proposition that differentiates Megaventory from the competitors has three layers. For one thing, Megaventory is much more cost-effective (best value for money) compared with its direct competitors. For another, Megaventory has a user-friendly interface and is easy to use and implement. Finally, Megaventory is committed to offering stellar customer support.Megaventory has a large variety of features and the capability to be customized by its users with little to no technical expertise. In addition to this, it can help businesses of various sizes operating in various business models and geographies. As such, it has the capability to reach a global and very large market that is constantly growing as new commerce business join the ranks of existing companies. Megaventory's product delivery over the web at reasonable prices provides huge potential for growth especially as more and more features are gradually added.The only barrier to growth is the need to generate specialized versions by industry or operation in a way that makes sense for specific groups of companies - essentially a product problem wh
Kostantinos Mamassis, PhD is the founder and main developer of the application with over 12 years of both technical and domain expertise in supply chain management.Dimitrios Athanasiadis, PhD is a key external collaborator who handles operations and business development and has been with the company for nearly 10 years also managing marketing and new hires.Odysseas Vangelis is a full-stack developer who has been with the team for 2 years focusing on the backend, integrations, and core application features.John Deligiannis is a full-stack developer who has been with the team for 1 year and is handling frontend and core application features.Megaventory is rapidly expanding using a number of approaches: A) integrations with medium-sized business software that offer services complementary to Megaventory. Magento, Shopify, WooCommerce (e-commerce), QuickBooks Online (accounting), and Zapier (3rd party connectivity) are all already integrated. B) http://partners.megaventory.com is a program for creating collaborations with consultants and value-added solution providers also active in the SMB-related industries. C) Maintain online marketing methods to grow the existing customer base of Megaventory in a natural and sustainable manner ensuring a constant deal flow.