MEICSi is continuously developing state-of-the-art, high-speed, low-power and high-quality IP solutions for ASIC, ASSP and SoC designs.Wireless and Wireline Transceiver designs targeting next-generation satellite, data center, telecommunications, and automotive markets. With some of the industry’s most skilled and experienced IC Design Engineers in the areas of Analogue, Mixed-Signal, Digital and System Design onboard we have a combined experience of more than 100 years in cutting-edge silicon process nodes.MEICSi has a proven track record of delivering successful designs which have been tested in lab environment, exceeded the required performance specifications and now are products. These products include WiFi, Bluetooth, 5G and next-gen USB transceivers. MEICSi supports the complete Analog and Digital IC design flow, including system architecture, schematic/RTL design, verification, layout and chip finishing.
MEICSi targets the development of customized, state of the art, IP macros (Wireless and Wireline Transceivers) and is looking for funding to support these IPs from the design up to silicon verification. In addition, expanding the team for developing SoC solutions. For achieving the SoC development will require approximately 7-10 million Euros in financing.
MEICSi provides high quality Integrated Circuit design services for various advanced applications in Wireless and Wireline communications, IoT and automotive technology industries. Team combines more than 100 years of experience in Analog/RF and Mixed Signal IC Design providing complete solution for our customers from System Architecture up to submission to fab and post-silicon verification measurements in our lab. MEICSi engineers have high-level educational background and extensive experience in semiconductor industry leading to high-end IP solutions for the most attractive markets such as 5G, WiFi, BT and automotive.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Fast growth in telecommunications requires high-end products. Ultra-high data speed and bandwidth communication integrated circuits are the crucial components for the specific products. In order to achieve high-end performance that the specific products require, innovative techniques and methodologies are needed. MEICSi develops innovative IP systems on silicon targeting high-end performance. Innovation is necessary to overcome any physical implementation limits and it is applied in large scale during the development cycle. MEICSi possesses accumulated knowledge and experience in developing high-end and innovative integrated circuits IP/systems. The competitive development of the solutions requires minimum number of cycles and low risk. The integrated system IPs that have been developed up to now prove that MEICSi solutions are in time and reliable. This is what mainly differentiates MEICSi from the competition. Another key advantage of our company is that it gathers experience and is involved in projects for both wireless and wired telecommunication applications. Most of the competitors are specialized in one of the two fields. Extensive support for digital designs and chip characterization utilizing in-house lab are two other key factors that render MEICSi a complete solution provider.
MEICSi provides ASIC/IP Design solutions for Wireless (WiFi, BT, 5G) & Wired (SerDes) communications
MEICSi is a private independent fabless semiconductor company.MEICSi's core activities include design and development of customized, state of the art, IP macros and systems targeting applications span from RF Wireless Transceivers (WiFi6/6e, BT, 5G) and Wireline SerDes Transceivers (USB4, PCIE, JESD204) to High-Speed Data Conversion. We provide our customers with full support to ensure seamless integration with minimum risk and minimum time-to-market.From top-level application specifications to GDSII and from transistor-level to packaging interface, MEICSi handles the full cycle of ASIC development. Core team accumulates extensive experience in CMOS/SOI/FinFET-N16/7 advanced technology nodes. MEICSi was founded in 2020 and is located in Athens, Greece.
MEICSi has managed to engage to several projects which include Wireless and Wireline Transceiver designs targeting next-generation satellite, data center, telecommunications, and automotive markets despite the short period of time since its founded. MEICSi has completed more than 5 Tape-outs in less than 2 years with some of them reached to a point for successful demo presentations of our customers. Our customers are some of the leading companies in Wireless and Wireline industries worldwide. In addition to the design services for development of high-end IP solutions for our customers, MEICSi has also invested in R&D development projects targeting advanced applications like 5G/6G, WiFi 7, Automotive Radars and mmWave frequencies.