Our telemedicine solution is a web application , with a web rtc video and an AI Face & emotion recognition software that gives visual clues to the doctor about how the patients feels, It also cangeneratereport duringexamination helping Medical consultation to have something in writing for the first time in Psychiatry. It also has a real time available now feature giving easy acess to both doctor and patient by pressing a button once. Along the above a classic booking and payment system is attached .
Melapus comes from the Greek ancient doctorMELAMPUS who is considered the 1st Psychiatrist ever in Ancient Greece . All started in the waiting room of doctors cabinet in Athens in 2016. We were awarded also as best early stage startup in Startup now forum the biggest event in Greece for startups in 2019. The main goals of Simplicity, Anonimity and AI face & emotion recognition software plus security by design were achieved .The software of Melapus is considered the easiest to usesince the patient all he has to do, is press a button once and see the doctor. Its specially madefor people with no computer knowledge or skills. And all this process is done completely anonymously for the patient.There were a lot of actions made and are ongoing
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
The software is especially for people with no computer skills since , the patient , the only thing he/shehas to do ispress a button once. Also its in mental health there is no telepsychiatry video plattform that gives reports about how the patient feel real time in writing. Its a b2b2c project in which we had identified exactly how to reach high purchase intent users.
Nikos Gkouvas Psychiatrist Founder & CEO . Pationate with Medtech fully commited to changing peoples lives thriugh tech, , also President of innovative technologies and board member of Hellenic Psychiatric Association.Giannis Zaoudis Executive in Residence. founder of Polfish, serial succesful enteprenuerNikolas Nikolaou Psychiatrist Co-founder know telepsychiatry in the Nordics Ioannos Deligiannis CTO Senior succesful developerMaria Mylona Customer supportWithout exagerating like sometimes startuppers do regarding the team, with absolute certaintyandwide acceptance by the field maybe the strongest startup team in Medtech at the moment in Greece
We were awarded as best early stage startup in startup now forum 2018The Greek Army uses the software for the northern part of Greece s Army from 424 Army hospital in Salonika.Then a historic moment in the start of Covid in March 2020 , after the collaboration of the company with Municipality of Attica, and Athens medical board resulted 2000 sessions in 48h !!! and 18.000 in 70 days.* At the same time collaboration with the largest insurance companies like Generalli*** and Interamerican changed the telepsychiatry scenery for ever in Greece. At the same time the ease of use was the reason that the 3 biggest hospitals in Greece use the software for their workload . Ahepa #rd Psychiatric clinicin theUniversity hospital in Salonic created the first outpatient telepsychiatry unit in Greece ,Attiko University hospital also uses it , Evangelismos hospital;in Athens , and some private clinics.We are also in collaboration with 11888 of Cosmote in a b2b2c and b2c levelWe are working together in pharmacogenomics and the telepsychiatry aspects of it with DNA GENOMICS.Our growth was from 12/2019 to 6/2020 with 100% /month, and in general our RR is 75%
Melapus is a marketplace that connects users with therapists.
We recieved funding 55k from an angel in 2018 and 300k in 2019 from a Cyprus VC Our current for product optimisation and scaling outside Greeceare 750.000-1.000.000 .