Though the company operates for less than a year, big companies have already trusted us. Some examples of already contracted customers are ΤΜΕΔΕ, Mitera Hospital (member of the HH Group), Institute of Life (member of Iaso Group), Central Mare, Greek Open University (ΕΑΠ), Chamber of Achaia, Mercedes - Ismailos S.A., Loux, Hope Genesis. At the same time, there are also an amount of smaller companies that have decided to purchase Dark Angel, no need to name them all.
We are an Artificial Intelligence company, that offers services in various forms of software technology, distribution and software product development. Our portfolio includes Chatbots, Cyber Security including Training & Certification of it, Virtual/Augmented Reality applications, 360° Training experiences, Cloud and Internet of Things services. All services are custom made, based on customer's needs.Our company uses agile approaches development requirements and solutions through the collaborative effort of self-organizing and cross-functional teams and their customers/end users.It advocates adaptive planning, evolutionary development, early delivery & continual improvement, and it encourages flexible responses to change.We are fearlessly authentic, ready to provide you the power and the endless possibilities of technology.
Our product, Dark Angel is fully innovative since it's a product that does not exist at all in the Greek market and will cover a need that is still new. Since the cyber attacks increase, the dark web consistently gains more hacked accounts, passwords and other personal info by which someone can do serious damage in an organization. At that point, Dark Angel comes to provide a constant check and information towards the organization and in case there is some data leakage will immediately inform the company so as to take corrective measures. Our company's goal is to develop a portfolio of 100 customers, during its first 3 years of operation. Based on the portfolio we have already build during our 10month period and along with the need of safety that increases day by day, there is no obvious barrier to prevent our set growth.Dark angel is designed in a way that can serve at the same exact moment numerous clients. Either by checking domains or email accounts. That means that Dark angel is a product that has potentiality of scalability.
The team consists of internal and external collaborators with high knowledge and experience on their field. Developers of new technology products, cyber attackers, cyber defenders, marketers etc. They all have many years of experience, relative studies but also relative certificates and their working experience is on multinational organizations.The inhouse headcount is 7 employees. The number of external collaborators depends on the need of each project. We are all professionals in the fields of computer engineering, project management, sales, finance, and marketing. Our focus is to grow equally all functions of our company, so as to offer an holistic service and a perfect customer experience. Our target market is Greece, and we strive to build our team to cover the needs of this market as we will be growing our footprint. At a second stage, and after our product reaches a certain maturity level, we are planning to expand in other markets outside Greece as well.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
We have developed a product which is named Dark Angel and by using a specifically designed platform we collect, analyze and evaluate information from multiple sources of the dark web. If there is a data leak on the dark internet, the customer is immediately informed and takes corrective actions. The service includes control of the organization's domain and the email accounts of employees. This check is systematic and the customer receives relevant reporting on a monthly basis. Its a very powerful protection tool. The specific product can be characterized us a mass business product since it can be used at the same time for multiple customers.
Currently we are self-funded and we successfully try to be profitable enough so as to expand our team and business. For the completion of the project we will need further funding, approximately 250.000€. Also another 50.000€ will be needed for the purchase of licenses, servers, databases etc. Alongside we will need a funding budget of 150.000€ to boost marketing and communication of the product and also to enhance our team with new members.