The Intelligent Web & Social Media Monitoring solution for businesses, public figures & enterprises.
Our USP is the Social Intelligence Advisor (SIA), a feature for automatically analyzing all your mentions and extracting actionable insights. SIA will:- Show you Key Insights from your Mentions- Advice you on How to Improve your Social Media Posts- Find the most popular sites your competitors appear at and advise you on how to appear there as well.- Spot a Crisis as it starts so that you can take appropriate actions before it’s too late.Another differentiator is our fully customizable reports, which is a key feature for PR and Marketing agencies. This is not common to find at our price range and it has allowed us to even increase our prices during the last months, expanding to more premium clients. Additionally, we are currently researching and developing our new Sentiment Analysis algorithm, which will provide a more accurate AI analysis of the Sentiment of social posts and web articles.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
- Sentiment analysis in virtually every language, which expanded our client-base worldwide. Most competitors mainly focus on specific languages.- In 2018 οur unique feature, SIA (Social Intelligent Advisor), for Intelligent Actionable Brand Insights was released. This realized our initial vision, to go beyond Social Media Monitoring and make Mentionlytics the first Intelligent Brand Management Platform.- Participated in multiple Startup programs. Highlighting the Microsoft Co-Sell as we are among the few startups worldwide who achieved to enter the program, acquiring $120K in credits and access to Microsoft sellers funnel.- More than 25K registered users from over 100 countries.- 4.9/5 Score in G2 and Capterra, two of the leading software review sites.Awards for Best Ease of Use in Capterra and High Performer, Best Support and Users Most Likely to Recommend in G2 for 2019, 2020 and 2021.- We have achieved 100% yearly MRR growth for the past 4 years through Mentionlytics Ltd in the UK which is moving towards 150% for 2021.- We have been established among the top web & social media monitoring tools world-wide, having built a strong brand, being referenced in hundreds of web pages, directories and social posts, as a top-rated tool based on our functionality, unique features, stability, usability and great support.
We do not have specific funding needs as our Bootstrapping model has allowed us to grow to a point where the company is profitable and our growth is currenly self-funded. However we would definetely be interested in a strategic partner to boost our growth and achieve even faster rates in our world-wide customer base. A recent market report by Fortune Business Insights states that the market size was $2.48 billion in 2019 and is projected to reach $6.51 billion by 2027, exhibiting a CAGR of 13.2% during the forecast period.This report also includes Mentionlytics as a key player in the market. ( https://www.marketwatch.com/press-release/how-media-monitoring-tools-market-booming-worldwide-fortune-business-insights-2021-01-05 )
The three co-founders are university professors in the fields of marketing, data analytics, UX and cloud services. They have extensive research and applied achievements record in the past 15-years of their academic and business career. The rest of the team gradually evolved to 15 part and full-time members in:- Support and pre-sales members with a background in marketing and data analytics- developers, experts in developing and deploying big databases and web platforms. Our fully scalable infrastructure has been developed in-house and is hosted in a world-class cloud provider.- marketing team, experts in: Google Ads & PPC, web design & digital marketing, content marketing, graphic design & multimedia.- outreach, social selling and community management- freelancers, outsourcing additional tasks such as content writingWe have already 3 people hired in our Greek IKE along with more positions opening soon.