1st customer, WHO-IARC-IBB, through open international call2nd customer, Biohellenica, biggest stem cell and umbilical cord-blood Greek biobank3rd customer, Greek General Hospital Market footprint in South Africa, UK, and Bulgaria.Supported by EBRD.Supported by Eurobank, Corallia scale-up.Supported by Natiponal Bank of Greece.Certified ISBER IT provider for Biobanks worldwide.Operating under ISO 9001, ISO 90003, ISO 27001
Software as a Service, for the biospecimen usage chain
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Metabio bridges the current gap in the Biobanking industry, by connecting Patients, Healthcare Providers, Biobanks and Researchers. With e-MetaBio our proprietary platform, we a provide novel IT solution, that harmonizes and collects quality timeline pre-analytical data from the biosample use cycle and chain. Metabio’s services provide additional revenue streams to biobanks and reduces the costs and time of drug and therapies developmental cycles during the critical period of basic research. The current problems within the biobanking sector are the lack of continuity, interoperability, and ad-hoc standards in biosample related data management; with the dedicated software and practices leading to poorly characterized biosamples data for research, lack of standardization and delays leading to inefficiencies in drug development.
e-MetaBio harmonizes the operational environment for Biobanks; collects Patient Pushed Real World Data (PPRWD) in a timeline fashion, along with medical records (EHR). Connecting these data sources to patients’ biospecimens generates higher scientific- and market-value research material for the pharma development cycle and provides real-time multicriteria queries for patient and biosample profiles. Metabio’s PCT patent platform, connects all sources of bio-data and simultaneously offers high-end services to all members of the healthcare chain. e-MetaBio provide biobanks with enhanced revenue streams, interoperability, and a higher-value product that no other solution achieves for all facets of the biosample value chain.
Growth tactics & Channels outreach involve:1. Contractors, regional2. Expos & conventions 3. Affiliations, sector specific4. Partnerships / synergiesPrimary Target Customer ie. Biobanks are targeted via1. Industry-specific events2. Roundtables 3. Biobank networks4. Digital portals5. Targeted Ads
Seed investment of 500k euros for the next 18 months.
We partner with existing biobanks, associated hospitals as well as diagnostics that run biosample related usage chains and provide a novel digital system for clinical, pre-analytical and patient real-world data associated with the biosample in longitudinal fashion, with an interoperable approach within local and international networks. Our solution works seamlessly alongside existing systems, without the need for change of software and hardware systems on the part of user, thus easing the integration process; while integrating all data from biodiagnostic testing machines in real time.The direct primary target sector for Metabio is the biobanking sector with the diagnostics and clinical research being also targets; as well as where there are biosamples and data management cycles. Metabio operates with a B2B SaaS model via licensing the use of e-MetaBio platform or any combinations of its sub-platforms, e-MetaHep for healthcare providers, e-MetaRes for researchers, e-MetaHealth for patients and e-MetaBank for biobanks.