Alumni as brand advocates are worth more than employees or average customers, which means that engaging alumni in social networks can strengthen the company brand. Employees who move on, often move up the corporate ladder, and therefore alumni can be decision-makers or influencers to existing customers and prospects, while engaged alumni can also offer referral business. In both cases, there are shorter sales cycles, besides the revenue benefits. A boomerang hire or a referral hire can improve most recruiting KPIs, while an alumni program significantly improves the employer’s brand. Alumni Reach offers private cloud-based online community platforms, enhanced with tools to assess the alumni profiles, make communication targeting more effective, incentivize alumni engagement, and promote the exchange of knowledge, expertise, and professional opportunities within the network.
Our customer base includes companies and organizations from Greece, Spain, Cyprus, and Canada.
Alumni Reach was founded by corporate veteran Argyris Skouloudis, who is our Chief Executive Officer. Argyris studied Chemical Engineering at the National Technical University of Athens and holds two MS degrees; an MS in Computing Science from Imperial College London and an MS degree in Electronic Business Management from the University of Warwick. Argyris has more than 13 years of managerial experience in the FMCG and Telco sectors. Our development team consists of one Senior Technical Advisor one Senior Software Engineer and four software engineers. The team has worked together on several web application projects in the past and has the necessary skills, expertise, and experience. Among them is the next CTO of the company (to be announced soon).Our commercial team consists of a Business Development Manager and a Digital Marketing Manager both based in our Maltese office.
Professional social networks are our indirect competitors since most of the companies that are reaching out to past employees are mainly using professional social networks. Mainly due to its size, LinkedIn is the major player currently and it is used by most companies to track and stay in touch with their former employees.However, this is a complex and not very efficient process, since LinkedIn offers limited functionality and lacks many of the tools, that modern alumni platforms offer. Existing alumni platforms are mainly on-line community platforms that tend to target educational institutions like universities and colleges, or large enterprises. The ones that are targeting corporate alumni networks lack the tools to help companies assess the alumni data and make alumni targeting more effective, and do not offer any structured way to incentivize engagement within the network. Our target market consists of all medium and large companies in the EU and USA. According to OECD, there are more than 400.000 companies, which makes our total addressable market 2b EUR (bottom-up method). We will focus on the Services Sector and the medium-sized companies starting from Greece and then expanding to the UK and then the EU and then the USA. This means that for the first year we are targeting more than 1.500 companies with 50-249 employees in Greece.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Currently, the company has sufficient funds for the next 18 months.
Former employees remain a largely untapped resource for most companies, even though it is continuously growing and is full of people who are capable and willing to give back to their former employers. Considering and including the alumni in their efforts to achieve their business objectives can be a success factor for any organization. Business development, marketing, recruiting, and the reduction of the operational expenses that are associated with them, are key processes that most companies tend to depend on employees, consultants, or customers to help them optimize. Our mission is to help companies get help at a much lower cost from those who are willing to give back, their alumni!