We have built a fully automated sports live streaming platform. Using a fixed high quality camera, live feed is captured and transferred to the cloud via 4g network. Feed is processed, leveraging AI algorithms, and delivered to the users simulating a moving camera that can also zoom on the area of interest. In addition to this, virtual stickers are added on the court leading to increased revenue for our customers, and automatic scoreboard is also included in the feed completing the fan experience.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
We have partnered with Promitheas BC for RnD purposes but we are already delivering our solution to them. Pilot systems have been setup in courts in agreement with the Hellenic Basketball Federations and we are under discussion to extend our solution to more than 100 courts.
Loukas Leonardos (Founder): Engineer with a basketball coaching diploma with a vast network in sports industry. Experience in leading various projects.Konstantinos Chatzilygeroudis, PhD (CV team lead): Researcher with academic interests in the areas of Machine Learning, Computer Graphics, and Computer Vision.Spiros Vathis (Sr Software Engineer): An experienced software engineer with strong professional background in design and implementation of high performance, data-intensive, real-time applications. Currently responsible for the productization of our research on machine learning and computer vision.Konstantinos Tsinganos, MSc (Software Engineer): Standing between RnD and productization, Konstantinos is creating Computer Vision modules and optimizing product-ready codebase.Bill Psomas (CV engineer): PhD candidate creating efficient machine learning pipelines.Our strategy is to establish our presence in greek basketball by mid 2023 and then start building international cooperations and at the same time develop solutions for other sports.
Metargus is a software company building solutions for sports, leveraging AI and computer vision tech
The live streaming service leverages state of the art computer vision and machine learning technology to identify objects of interest on video and take a decision on which area is going to be delivered to the end users - fans. The vision of our company is to create an affordable and cost-effective solution, without cutting corners quality-wise. We want to make our technology accessible even for an amateur sports club, making it possible for everyone to watch their kid, friend or colleague participating in a sport event. Furthermore, virtual sponsor integration on the video feed will also create a source of revenue for the clubs that otherwise would not exist. Despite the fact that greek sports market is continuously growing, we are targeting International expansion. Out of 1000 greek basketball games on a weekly basis, less than 10 are shown on TV and less than 70 are being streamed via the internet.