We seek a Pre-Seed funding to reach to an ODOS Cloud MVP.
Vasilis Gaitanidis, CEO (ex HAF Aeronautical Engineer), has 38 years of professional experience in system engineering and software development of mission critical application. Kostas Georgiou, CTO, (Software Engineer), has 15 years of professional experience in software development.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
We have battle-tested ODOS is various mission critical solutions, the major one being the deployment of Is2Aware system as the core of a Security System at a large Airport. Especially, we have integrated various loosely coupled devices, sensors and human operations in a common operational Command and Control view, decreasing personnel costs while maximizing the operational capabilities. This system has been awarded in Security Innovation Awards 2019.The business plan of ODOS Cloud has been awarded at the “John and Mary Pappajohn” 2021 awards.
ODOS is an innovative universal technology that- Is very simple to use, even for juniors- Offers both on-premise (licensed) and cloud-based (subscription model - future). There will also be the option to switch between models or even use a hybrid model- Offers enterprise characteristics and in the same time rapid development, so it can be used by companies of any size, both larger one as well as startups- Has no limitation as it can be combined with any other .NET technology- Is robust, future-proof and easy to maintain and evolve ODOS Cloud targets the rapidly growing market of Backend-as-a-Service or Serverless Platforms. This market is possible to reach $35 billion by 2025, growing with the impressive 53% rate. Serverless Platforms have gained initially traction as mobile app backends, but now there is an increasing demand and are used almost for anything, like IoT, enterprise applications and more.
Missionware has developed ODOS framework to make it extremely easy to build modern applications with less code than any other platform.Nowadays more and more companies are willing to build or provide modern software solutions, that may consist of cloud services, mobile or web interfaces and sometimes edge components. However, even there is a wide range of technologies, there is lack of developers in the market. Additionally, finding engineers that can architect such solutions is even harder. In parallel, the work-from-home and the trend for job hopping make it even more difficult for companies to retain their software ninjas. On the other hand, by exploiting the out-of-the-box robust architecture, ready-to-use components and universal technology stack of ODOS, just a small and low budget team is sufficient for building any type of application.
ODOS is a robust middleware and integration platform that has already proved its value as the core of Is2Aware Physical Security Management System (PSIM) that is deployed in critical infrastructures. ODOS consists of an extensive and modular software stack running on top of the latest cross-platform .NET 6.0.The major characteristics of ODOS are:- Out-of-the-box managed multi-service backend- Declarative Modelling- Two-way synchronization- Integration Engine- In-memory transactions- Multiple programming paradigms (Data-Driven, RPC, Messaging)- Event-Driven- Live collections- Offline-first usage- Support for various data stores: Oracle, SQL Server, Azure Relational Database, PostgreSQL, Sqlite- Support for various Authentication systems: LDAP, Active Directory, OAuth2.0, - Support for various UI frameworks: MAUI, Blazor, WPF, WinUI, WinForms, Avalonia- End-to-end single technology stack across everywhere: server, mobile, desktop, web, edgeODOS Cloud - the future of ODOSMissionware is converting ODOS into a cost effective serverless platform that will consist of ODOS server running in a fully managed environment. ODOS cloud will provide the platform for building robust real time mobile and edge applications.