Mobile app that allows you to place your order and pay using your mobile phone,
SERVIO allows customers of a restaurant/bar to pay on-the-spot in a contact free manner, using their credit or debit cards.Moreover,the benefits for the store are huge:Menu and catalogue digitization for contact-less service (Covid free!) Voice ordersMenus and catalogues in multiple languagesReduction of procrastination / orderingIncrease the turnover and thus increase the turnover of the storeEasy and direct management of the store profile electronically, with direct control of the reserves / stock but also of the daily sales, without losses, even from a distanceBetter targeting of customers, products and offers through analysis of their history and profile (demographics)Effective and fast evaluation of the productivity / efficiency of their employees.Receive direct feedback (reviews / reviews, etc.) about their store (s).Free provision of Electronic ordering / ordering system in the storeNo equipment is required to install SERVIO in stores, one screen is enough, eg tablet
The Servio team is: Christos Efthymiou, CEO and founder with technological and team leading expertise in IT, Orestis Afordakos, CFO and business consultant, holding a PhD from the School of Business Research and Management at the University of Warwick (UK) and former adviser to the British government, George Stavroulakis, CTO, holding a PhD from NTUA in high performance computing and a technical consultant in various public and private sector information technology projects and Katerina Efthimiou, CMO and Servio's ambassador, an architect and entrepreneur.The Servio team is coherent, passionate, resilient and experienced in leading teams and businesses. We are convinced that Servio can disrupt consumer experience and boost sales of shops that support it while adhering to the new COVID-19 B2C practices.
Servio is available at both Google Play and App Store. Moreover, Servio can operate without prior mobile app installation but mobile apps offer a much richer user experience. Servio has been through user feedback sessions, both from shops and consumers and is now negotiating with the municipality of Metamorfosi, to be mass installed to all food/beverage shops of the municipality. Servio is the e-ordering app of choice for PASKEDI, the most famous chamber for food/beverage shops
Servio innovates and meets all the necessary conditions of companies that have the ability to bring profit and rapid growth and is an idea that has an increased degree of exportability, featuring high scalability. Specifically, 1. Servio brings innovation in the field of electronic ordering / ordering, providing many advantages to both consumers and shopkeepers. It also directly contributes to the renewal of the infrastructure of shops and to quality upgrade of their services 2. Servio gavors job creation in the knowledge economy (high value-added jobs) 3. Servio’s team is staffed by experienced members with a long exposure to high value-added products and services and a proven track record in their field of activity.Given the connectivity of both consumers and food/beverage shops to the internet, along with the high penetration of smart devices in the market, it is immediately clear that Servio does not require any prior capital investment to support a food/beverage shop; Servio services are available through the use of smart devices that both consumers and shop administrators have at their disposal. This greatly facilitates the penetration of Servio in the market of food/beverage shops and makes it a candidate as the ultimate means of consumer interaction with such shops. Given that shops do not need to pay for the purchase of specialized equipment, Servio is a viable tool that can be used immediately and easily, both by small shops and larger ones.
Mobile app that allows you to place your order and pay using your mobile phone, in bars-restaurants
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Servio is an innovative service with which you can order from your mobile phone, when being inside a cafe or restaurant. Download the servio app and you will be able to pay and even make a voice order!Servio is the perfect solution for restaurants and hotels considering the Covid19 pandemic, as the client doesn’t have to come in contact with any menus or POS. How does it work?SCAN – ORDER – PAY1. Using my mobile camera or even better, through the servio app, scan the QR code nearest to me. 2. Browse through the menu3. Choose the available products of my liking from the menu and add them to my basket or make a voice order4. Choose to pay in cash, credit card or charge the order to my room. If I select credit card, I enter the details of my card and if I place the order through the application I can save credit card details for future use. The establishment will send me notifications as to the estimated time of delivery and when i am about to receive my order.5. Receive my order confirmation and the establishment will send me notification when I am about to receive my order.
Servio needs financial boost in order to grow exponentially in the bar/restaurant/take away market; having all tech needs covered in a robust manner, Servio needs a 250K€ boost for coordinated marketing and sales activities towards buesinesses that will ensure fast adoption. Such adoption will enable Servio to further market its solution to consumers and start acquiring actual revenue.