1.Michael Kokkinos- Team leader (Founder and Managing Director): Many years of experience in Technology (technical sales) and Tourism. He is president of the Hellenic Spanish Chamber of Commerce knowing through his role hundreds of comanies and organisations in Tourism. His background is IT engineer and worked for many years in IT companies.2. Mitja Mlakar - 3D artist with 15 years experience in Unity, 3D SWs, Gaming. He has developed all the 9 Apps of Moptil and collaborated with Archaeologists and other artists.3. Achilles Konstantellos junior App developers, studies in Gaming and 1 year experince in big gaming companies.4. A team of renowned archaeologists and Historians in collaboration with Moptil.5. Advisory Board: a team of Greek well known leaders from Tourism, Tech and History that provide their consultancy to Moptil.
MOPTIL (Moptil - www.moptil.com ), is a Greek company that develops applications using the technologies of VR, AR and AI, focusing on Heritage Culture Sites (Archaeological sites, museums, etc.). Moptil has already Apps of 3D reconstruction for Acropolis, Olympia, Knossos, Cartagena, Tenerife and many others. The company collaborates with heritage culture management agencies and travel agents and provides them with access to its Apps as well as leases its AR/VR devices to offer enhanced tours. Moptil's mobile Apps are supervised by renowned archaeologists and used by more than 300.000 users.In 2015, as a member of Corallia incubator was selected to present its international innovation to theFrench President François Hollande, in 2016 Moptil was awarded with the Papastratos Start-Up Greece Awards for Tourism – Culture, while in 2018, the Greek Minister of Tourism, gave a public congratulation to Moptil, in 2017 TUI awarded Moptil for being on of the 4 best service providers in Greece and in 2020 the magazine LUX LIFE awarded Moptil as the Leading Innovators in Heritage Site Experience Software.Some the most important customers of Moptil are TUI, Cartagena Puerto de Culturas, Acropolis museum, Benaki museum and others.
Moptil has signed a 5 years contract with the Municipality of Cartagena, to provide its VR App for tour in the Roman Forum of Cartagena in Spain.Moptil had a 3 year contrct with TUI group and updated it for another 3 years providing its AR/VR Apps to all the tourists of TUI.Moptil has also signed contracts with other travel agents and Cruise lines to provide its Apps.Also Moptil has signed and delivered an AR mobile App to municipality of Ilion in Greece.It has collaborated with Acropolis museum to design and develop the Rock of Acropolis with more than 100 temples in 16 historical periods.Moptil has recently taken over the design and development of an AR App for Benaki MuseumMoptil has recently taken over the design and development of AR/VR Apps for Municipality of Mykonos
Moptil is the first company to develop Augmented and Virtual Reality Apps for Heritage Culture. With Moptil's Apps the user has the opportunity to visualize how buildings and life used to be in the past. Acropolis, Olympia and many other archaeological sites become colorful through user's mobile device. The user can see how they used to be complete, with statues, colorful and full of ancient life. The virtual world is superimposed over the ruins and help the user to unveil the past glory of the places. The unique Apps of Moptil are interactive giving customized information on objects, buildings etc and the experience is completed by an audio narration in many languages. The Apps are developed for IOS and ANDROID so that are functional in high-end and low-end devices. The next version of the Apps will incorporate the advantages of AI and 5G giving more interaction and super realistic graphics.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Moptil is a really innovative start-up that has started after 3 year endeavors of its founder Michael Kokkinos to design, develop and test AR and VR Apps in Culture. Moptil today owns the most used and innovative AR and VR Apps for tours in archaeological sites. The new products of Moptil ,to present in 2021, will be a combination of AR, AI over 4G/5G networks, giving for the first time on international level, a new interactive and immersive super-realistic experience to the tourists. Moptil has a unique team coming from the sectors of Tourism, Archaeology-History and Technology giving thus the ability to penetrate the specific market much better than any other and with best designed Apps scientifically supervised.
We make World Cultural Heritage more accessible to more people with AR/VR &AI technology innovation
We are searching for a strategic investor that will not only invest money in Moptil but will bring international projects in the sector of AR/VR/AI in Heritage Culture or will open for Moptil a new market in these technologies