The past three years, most of the team members have worked together on several scientific projects managing to publish articles in well-reputed journals and present their work in conferences. The high scientific background and working experience of the team and the previous successful collaborations prove a solid foundation, strong integration and rewarding teamwork. Morphe is planning at the same year to offer a comprehensive 3D printing suite. The aim is to provide our software, a 3D printer and consumable materials for the purpose of promoting them in partners from other countries and produce phantoms directly to the local clinics. Those partners will be certified by Morphe, and there will be an annual subscription and a small fee on the consumable supplies. Morphe is going to form key partnerships with the different counterparties in order to create economies of scale and reduce its operating risk.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
2018•tMorphe was chosen to participate to ‘Egg - enter•grow•go’ in one of the most prominent acceleration programs in Greece for innovative entrepreneurs.2019•tMorphe was incorporated in Thessaloniki, Greece.•tMorphe was awarded by the EIT Digital Venture Program.•tMorphe was selected as Deep Tech Pioneer of Hello Tomorrow and recognized in the most promising projects in deep tech to date among 5000 startups from 128 countries.2020•tMorphe was chosen to participate to ‘Ok!Thess’ accelerator for further market research and development of its services.•tMorphe has been recently nominated for South Europe Startups Award and Newcomer Award from Global Startups Awards, which is the largest independent startup ecosystem competition. •tMorphe and partners got selected for a funding program named Marie Skłodowska-Curie Actions (MSCA) Rise.
The use of radiation for destroying a patient’s tumorous cancer cells is considered as the first treatment choice. Therefore, human phantoms made by conventional means are widely used in radiotherapy for estimating the dose of a patient’s radiation exposure. However, the phantom’s unanimous anatomy cannot meet the exact body-type of each patient, thus resulting in deviations of the estimated radiation dose and consequently in an increase of a patient’s side effects such as pain, nausea and tiredness. Our company is able to tackle the above limitations employing a novel technology for the fabrication of three-dimensional (3D) printed patient-specific phantoms for radiotherapy using Fused Deposition Modelling (FDM) technology.
Morphe is a start-up medtech company that develops 3D printed patient-specific phantoms replicating a patient’s anatomy for radiotherapy purposes. Our target is to make this technology accessible to every patient by providing accurate personalised and low-cost solutions.
Morphe is a medtech startup that develops 3D printed patient-specific phantoms replicating a patient
The advantages of this technology are: (a) increased accuracy of human organs replication than other 3D printing methods; (b) the development of personalized phantoms according to each patient’s body-type; and (c) the cost of a patient-specific phantom using the proposed 3D printed method could be more than five times less than using conventional techniques.