Development of stronger competitive advantage: We started the platform's development with the ambition to measure the quality of activities and tutors in the best way, so we applied Activity Based Learning (ABL) at the core of our value. ABL is a learning process in which students are constantly engaged, actively participating in the learning experience rather than sitting as passive listeners. We have uploaded 700+ activities in our Activity Library (games, 3D world riddles, etc.) tagged with different soft skills, target age groups, and types of cues. Tutors can search and filter into Morphoses Activity Library to create different curricula types depending on length, target age group, target soft skills or group of soft skills etc.
Morphoses is an activity-based e-learning platform designed to offer social, emotional learning to children (K12). Our platform connects learners and parents to tier-1 tutors who lead online live classes in small groups. Families can choose tutors and courses based on their needs, schedule, and interests in specific human skills.
Morphoses is an activity-based e-learning platform designed to cultivate children (K12) with soft skills through live online classes.Morphoses' platform connects learners and parents to certified independent tutors leading online live classes in small groups. Families can choose tutors and classes based on their needs, schedule, and interests. So far, Morphoses offer this unique benefit by partnering with companies to provide a true benefit for employees' kids and with educational institutions to expand their range of tutoring and offerings significantly.
The founding team has worked together in the past.With Alexandros, we studied Computer Engineering together @ the University of Patras where we successfully completed different projects. We were also lucky to work together on our first job @Pobuca, a UK-based contact management application where we were responsible for optimizing the UI/UX of the product and its copyrights. This project made us realize how productive we can work together by challenging each other and achieving better results.With Ilia, we worked together at Endeavor, a global organization that supports scaleup entrepreneurs worldwide. Together, we've created and led scaleup programs, EEs, and the Endeavor Europe initiative. After working for a couple of months together, we realized that we have complementary skills that when we bring them to the table, can deliver faster results with high quality. Work becomes a hobby when you interact with people with the same mentality and passion for achieving more and leaving an impact. We were a super team and that's why we ran together various global and local initiatives such as roadshows, accelerator programs, etc.
- 600 users -parents paid and free- paid customer
A platform cultivating soft skills in children through live online curricula
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Our plan is to raise 1M euros and grow our team to scale the sales, and finalize the platform within the end of the year!