Ridemind's vision is to push the envelope of shared mobility with the mission of improving quality of life in cites. Starting with p2p car sharing in Greece and expanding to other car sharing and ridesharing services, taking advantage of the latest technology available, Ridemind will always be at the forefront of smart mobility innovation. - MaaS: Ridemind is a mobility as a service company operating a peer-to-peer car sharing platform Web – Android and iOS applications.
Ridemind's vision is to push the envelope of shared mobility with the mission of improving quality of life in cites. Starting with p2p car sharing in Greece and expanding to other car sharing and ridesharing services, taking advantage of the latest technology available, Ridemind will always be at the forefront of smart mobility innovation. - MaaS: Ridemind is a mobility as a service company operating a peer-to-peer car sharing platform Web – Android and iOS applications The product offers a solution both for car renters and owners: -Owners: Share their car when they don’t need it earning extra income. Cars are idle for most of their lifetime. With just 26 rental dates per year, owners could cover their annual car expenses. -Renters: Share their car when they don’t need it earning extra income. Cars are idle for most of their lifetime. With just 26 rental dates per year, owners could cover their annual car expenses -Ridemind also started the implementation of B2B & B2G services.
Antonis Karaloulis: 9 years experience in Project Management. Holds an MSc in Finance and a BSc in Engineering Christos Karolemeas: 8 years experience in Sustainable Mobility Projects. Holds an MSc in Geoinformatics and a BSc in Engineering Kostas Georgopoulos: 8 years experience in Online Sales. Holds a BSc in Economics Apostolis Chronakis: 10+ years experience in Full-stack development Holds a BSc in Computer Science .Our team is experienced in a variety of projects of smart mobility. We have a strong and ongoing cooperation with NTUA and we are confident that perseverance will bring success to our company.
No Fixed Hours: Rentals start and end whenever it is mutually convenient for car owner and car renter Better Vehicle Distribution: Cars are distributed across the city, with many owners offering delivery Variety of cars: A much wider range of makes and models No Fleet Operational Costs There is no cost of vehicles, no fleet to operate, no maintenance and no parking management needed. Lower Prices, no Fees Cars are usually priced lower, There are no monthly or annual subscription fees or hidden charges Barriers to Entry for new Entrants New car sharing operations will need time to form partnerships with insurance companies , to build the operational model and their user adoption. MaaS solutions offered to corporate clients and Government entities are on the way.
-500K-1M for implementing a car sharing platform with owned electric vehicles and marketize our products.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Ridemind's vision is to push the envelope of sustainable mobility.
5% CTR, 450K+ Reach, 50+ cars , 1100+ users Application development (Android, Web, iOS) v.1 complete Legal framework, Terms of service and Privacy Policy in place. New funding of 80K in 2022 through our participation in a coalition with NTUA under the NSRF program of innovation(already approved) in order to implement a "SIMulation tool for Micromobility to improve urban TRansprotation plΑΝning". Our company also partipates in coalition with NTUA in the "Research and Innovation Synergies in the prefecture of Atticα" with the project InWalk (already approved) which aims to promote and enhance walking as a sustainable mean of transport for urban mobility by rewarding users who choose walking with discounts and offers in nearby businesses with a total funding of 150K.