We are looking for funding to scale up in terms of personnel, innovation and physical selling points, but also for marketing and for launching the educational leg of our brand.
We are currently in our soft launch phase, and in the process of finetuning all aspects of our model, via customer experience and feedback.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
All the taste without the waste! We have built a circular shopping system that will redefine the way we consume. We have created especially designed multiuse stainless steel containers for food products that can be used multiple times and thus largely substituting single use packaging for FMCG. We have collaborated with market leaders in Greece and we are selling branded products in our refillable containers. We home deliver the goods, and once used, we collect the empty containers, clean, refill and then redistribute - a modern version of the milkman model. The life cycle of each container will be extended indefinitely.
Myrto Loupa is myloup's founder. Myrto has worked and lived in many countries around the world and has more than 15 years of experience in retail start up environments and holds an MBA from INSEAD.In order to achieve our growth targets we will be increasing our team in the following areas: Sales force (in store), Supply chain, Sustainability innovation, Marketing, B2B salesFurthermore we are creating an strong advisory board that will help us move ahead in our next steps with members with backrounds in finance, R&D, tech.
Although the Greek consumer is still relatively uneducated in terms of sustainable behaviour, more and more people are looking for solutions and alternatives to their current consuming habits. The market is ripe for new innovative ideas, and consumers are not only open but willing and thirsty to try out new solutions. We are offering one of these solutions. By selling known products in reusable packaging we want to help consumers change their purchasing patterns. Our goal is to offer them a new shopping experience that will be easy to use, whilst simultaneously making a big impact. We want to help customers feel good about their actions and purchases without compromising the quality of the products they use.
We offer a circular purchasing model that will eliminate FMCG single use plastic waste in households
The innovative aspect of this venture is the introduction of a new way of consuming. We want to show people that they can still enjoy the products they love without the guilt of damaging our planet, and help them understand the importance of shifting our purchasing habits.Over the next three years our aim is to perfect this model of reusability, introduce more product lines, but also, expand in the following ways: 1. We aim to open 2-3 physical stores in key locations, introducing this new model of consumption to the broader public. Within these stores customers will be able to buy our prepackaged products, but also buy in bulk, refilling their own containers. Once the model is proven we aim to collaborate with an existing large scale retailer and introduce zero waste corners within existing supermarkets (similar to bio corners)2. We plan on expanding our business into B2B services. This model can easily be applied to restaurants, hotels, public buildings, facility management companies etc3. We believe that education in the beginning of everything. We aim to create an educational arm of the company, that will hold seminars and workshops for small children in collaboration with schools teaching them early on why it is so important that we change our habits. But also, educational online workshops and sessions for whoever is interested, always focusing on how we can lead a more sustainable life.