We are looking for series B funding for our research and development operations and plans as well as for securing clients projects.
Myrmex, Inc., is a Robotic Material Handling company incorporated in Delaware, US. Currently, its research and development department is in Athens, Greece, where a team of brilliant engineers is developing disruptive material handling systems for the online grocery industry and other retail verticals. Our vision is to develop and market innovative order fulfillment solutions and last mile delivery business models for retailers and other verticals. More specifically, we aim to support retailers and other verticals in tackling the difficulties that they are currently facing while transforming their supply chains to address the complex problems they have.
The innovation of our systems consists of the combined use of Autonomous Mobile Robots and Mini Loads, together with the use of Roll Racks that carry bins with products. Roll Racks can be rolled by operators on the floor of a warehouse or a store when they are out of the robotic workplace. In the robotic workplace, the Roll Racks are securely placed (rolled) on bespoke pedestals. Then an AMR can move under the pedestal, lift it and transfer it from point A to point B within the robotic workplace. In addition to that, Roll Racks can be moved next to a Mini Load, where the robotic gripper of the Mini Load is able to fetch a bin hosted on a shelf of a Roll Rack and transfer it to another shelf of the same or another Roll Rack.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
We have already signed a contract with OCADO and trying to extend this with another multimillion contract. We already have acquired three letters of Intent from local clients for projects that are beginning to take shape. We plan to sign contracts in the next few weeks. We are also in the pipeline for another pilot project in the USA with one of the biggest grocers.
George Katiniotis, CEO /CCo, is an engineer and C-level executive with more than 25 years experience in executivemanagement, 10 of which in CEO positions. Prior to his assigment he was the CEO of a leading CEP company. He also worked in one of the biggest Greek banks as the CEOof a subsidiary. He served also as the CIPS leader in PwC Greece and as a Visiting Fellowof Nottingham Business School. A keen chess player, George Katiniotis has represented Greece in international tournaments. He is also a passionate runner and triathlete, having participated in numerous marathons and triathlon races around the globe. George holds a MSc Mech Eng degree of National Technical University of Athens anda MSc Engineering Business Management from the University of Warwick.Stefanos Hadjiagapis, COO, has over 25 years of experience in executive management both in start ups andmultinational corporations. He started his career as R&D engineer and has served asProject Manager, Director, General Manager and VP as well as member of BoDs inIntracom (Global Telecom Systems Vendor), Conklin (Broadband Technologies, AtlantaUSA), Encode (Information Security) and Mastoscopia (Medical Imaging, co-founder).Stefanos holds a MSEE degree of National Technical University of Athens and a PhD inBiomedical Engineering.Ioannis Kanellos, Founder/CMO/Product Architect, has led for more than 20 years, multiple projects in Greece and Eastern Europe.
Myrmex products support all e-commerce verticals, including among others, grocery, cosmetics, shoes and apparel.Our current offering includes:●Fully unmanned online orders’ boxes staging and marshalling●Fully unmanned pickup units.●Micro Fulfillment for online grocery as well as online for other verticals