The funding needs of the company can be summarized in a two year starting capital estimation of 200-250k €. This amount wil be distributed in 3 sectors: 1. Product development (AI tools) 2. Marketing and sales and 3. Software development and support
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Nanometrisis develops innovative math tools and software solutions to enhance the measurement results and transform these to useful and efficient information bridging the gap between metrology and product design and improvement.Since the nanometrology output is usually microscope images, the above aim is achieved through the targeted and smart analysis of microscope images deriving from semiconductor industry, nanotechnology, material companies, microscopy makers as well as academia and research centers. The software of Nanometrisis are divided to two kinds depending on whether we consider well-defined lithographic nanopatterns used in the integrated circuits of electronic devices, or material surfaces and nanoparticles used in nanotechnology industry, pharmaceutical and cosmetic companies etc. Additionally, Nanometrisis provides technical and scientific consulting, in order to help and guide customers to find out their metrology needs and provide solutions.
Our vision is to become an irreplaceable partner for industries needing accurate, reliable and targeted metrological characterization of nanotechnology products. Nanometrisis has achieved strategic collaborations with key players in all sectors of nanoindustry ranging from semiconductor and photonic industry to pharma companies and blade producers. Also, Nanometrisis has achieved strategic collaborations with key players in all sectors of nanoindustry ranging from semiconductor and photonic industry(imec, ASML, Brewer Science, Moxtek) to pharma companies (Pharmathen) and blade producers (BIC). Finally, Nanometrisis is a pioneer in the application of Artificial Intelligence in nanometrology challenges. It has developed and presented in tech conferences and exhibitions a deep learning software based on convolutional neural networks to enoise microscope image and improve accuracy of nanomeasurements.
Development of software for the measurement of nanostructure size and morphology used in products
Today more than 8000 products use nanotechnology to enhance their performance. In most cases, the embedded nanostructures have complicated morphology which is hard to be measured and quantified despite its critical role in product performance and safe use. The mission of Nanometrisis is to address the problem of the accurate and efficient measurement of nanostructure size and morphology through the development of innovative mathematical tools and software solutions to enhance measurement output.Nanometrisis software have the ambition to complement the use of microscopes and other nanometrology devices in nanoindustries by the transformation of their output to efficient and quantified informationfacilitating this way the digitalization of nanomanufacturing processes.Nanometrisis is an innovative software company in the fast-growing field of nanotechnology covering the rapidly emergent need for accurate, reliable and targeted metrological characterization of nanotechnology products.
Nanometrisis is an innovative software company in the fast-growing field of Nanotechnology. The breakthroughs in this field at present days are numerous and the opportunities that arise in various subfields (pharmaceutical industry, surface enhancement, cutting tools, cosmetics, nanoelectronics etc) plenty. Since metrology at the nanoscale is a) demanding and b) directly linked to the success/operational performance of all nanoproducts, all of these industries are highly interested in having complete control of their line of production as well as their final product. Consequently, accurate metrology is of imminent importance to them. Hence the company’s growth potential depends on the company’s visibility and recognizability. The last has been highly achieved in the world of semiconductors and integrated circuits over the past years and it is growing in the second sector (nanoparticles and surfaces) with a special highlight in the world of nanoparticles. The need for accurate nanoparticle characterization and measurement will be strongly needed within the next time period, as European regulations governing the size and statistics of the particles that industries use, will soon be applied and forced. The later will play an important rule in the growth rate of Nanometrisis.
The software of Nanometrisis is characterized by mathematical innovation, i.e. novel mathematical and computational methods that meet the critical challenges of nanoindustries for accurate and complete metrology. This kind of innovation is exactly what is needed by our clients, in order to tackle with the problems that are met, as the size of their products shrinks at nanoscale. This shrinkage creates the need for accuracy and completeness in the metrological characterization of their nanoproducts which is coveredby Nanometrisis software. The linked, to the above, innovative model applied by Nanometrisis, is software customization accompanied by scientific and tech support (along provided to our clients). This means that instead of them (clients) getting lost with a vast number of output parameters in their hands (provided by a random software), that may or may not be useful to them, we essentially guide them (and offer them) to find out and distinguish only the necessary information that is being outputted by our software. This eventually saves them time, money and human resources. All of the above combined, is also the unique value proposition that differentiate us from our competitors