Nanoplasmas has two products, currently at TRL 7-8,that are evaluated in an operational environment using real samples1. A lab-on-chip kit for ultrafast (< 2 hours) and accurate detection of Legionella pneumophila bacteria in water. The chip is based on viable bacteria capturing by antibodies, and DNA detection by a visible color change. The same ship with small modifications can be used for other pathogens’ detection.2. A lab on chip kit for molecular SARS-CoV-2 colorimetric detection in less than 30 min In the case of bacteria detection, capturing is performed on antibody-functionalized surfaces with a high efficiency and specificity, due to the high surface area – high biomolecule density and the specificity of the antibodies to the targeted bacteria. In both cases, following chemical lysis, DNA amplification is performed using LAMP (Loop mediated isothermal AMPlification), a molecular, highly sensitive method, while detection is again performed by a simple color change.
Dr. Kosmas Ellinas, Managing Director, Business development (expertise: plasma nanotechnology & microfluidics), Dr. Katerina Tsougeni R&D Head (expertise: lab-on-chip, bioassays), Dr. Evangelos Gogolides Company management & Strategic planning (expertise: plasma nanotechnology & microfluidics), Dr. Angeliki Tserepi Strategic planning (expertise: microfluidics & lab-on-chip), Dr. Τimokratis Karamitros (expertise: Genomics Applications & Bioinformatics), Dr. Panagiota Petrou Advisory board (expertise: bioassays), Dr. Sotirios Kakabakos Advisory board (expertise: bioapplications)
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
The core of our company is our unique plasma nanotechnology for surface functionalization. Our products are using this technology which in combination with the microfluidics knowhow in our company makes them unique in terms of performance and analysis time. Advantages of Legionella kita) The high sensitivity (it can detect less than 5 bacteria cells) b) The rapid analysis time (less than 2 hours instead of 10-12 days needed in current practice)c) The ability to distinguish dead and living pathogens, and different serotypes and the extremely high specificity. Our product uses antibody-based bacteria capture AND DNA amplification. This dual specificity makes it technically superior to ethods based only on DNA amplification, or only antibody- capturing methods that are available in the market.d) Portability (hand-held device that can be used at the point of need, i.e. the field of interest or a laboratory)e) Competitive costf) No expensive equipment requiredg) The need for less qualified personnel and no need for central laboratoryAdvantages of SARS-CoV-2 kit and accompanying devicea) Molecular diagnostic screening tests for SARS-CoV-2 (Sensitive & Fast)b) Cost effective solution (similar price with antibody/antigen or laminar flow tests with the sensitivity of DNA/RNA detection using RT-qPCR)c) No expensive equipment required (e.g. thermocycler)d) No extraction required (RT-qPCR requires purification steps)e) Results available after 30 min (instead
We are addressing the need for reliable, user-friendly and rapid screening tests for point-of-care (POC) diagnostics, targeting bacteria and viruses. This year, SARS-CoV-2 crisis has pointed out the need for rapid, cheap and reliable disease diagnostics, while at the same time quick and accurate diagnosis is also critical in many other infectious diseases in order to determine early and correct therapy scheme. We develop POC diagnostic devices that enable rapid testing by non-specialized personnel, at low prices, without sacrificing the high sensitivity of molecular tests. Novel technologies like ours can improve the performance of diagnostic devices and can lead to more rapid, sensitive, user-friendly and versatile testing devices. Our diagnostics are not only important for the health sector, but also for monitoring the safety in work place, such as central air conditioning units, water quality for rapid legionella detection etc.
Nanoplasmas is developing point of care diagnostics using Plasma Nanotechnology and Microfluidics
(2013) Eurobank – SEV (Hellenic Federation of Enterprises) 2nd science and technology award “Greece Innovates”(2014) SEV mentoring program “mazi stin ekinisi-together on the start line”(2016) Company Establishment(2017) Subcontractor in H2020 project lovefood2market(2018) Mentoring program Athens Chamber of Commerce “Thea”(2019) SNF industrial postdoctoral scholarship (2019) VC funding(2020) 1st price food-tech start-up (trophy challenge)(2020) BETA version of products ready(2020) Research contract with the research center of Huawei in Belarus(2020) GGET EDK project for development and commercialization of Legionella diagnostics