Narratologies is a self-guided app and platform offering hybrid experiences of cultural discovery in the form of city games. Gamification is combined with location intelligence technology to navigate travelers through the urban layers of local architecture, art and history, at their own pace. The location-based app functions also as a unique shopping guide providing local insights, traditional merchants and F&Bs, initiating the traveler to the local identity of Athens city & the Greek islands.Travelers can enjoy:• a fun & team-bonding activity shared with friends & family• a personalized local experience tailor made to their needs & interests• a safe, private and time flexible activityThey can stop and enjoy any of the newly discovered cultural treasures, collect gems and redeem them winning offers and gifts at our selected network of local shops and merchants.
We have with us a fast growing multidisciplinary team of top experts from art & humanities, business and tech sectors. The founding members are:Aliki, CEO & Co-Founder. Aliki specializes in the field of culture and digital media having also professional experience in digital marketing, sales and business development processes. She has extended professional and research experience as a game designer and curator of cultural exploration experiences. She holds a Diploma in Architectural Engineering from NTUA and 2 Master’s Degrees: “Information & Communication Technologies” from the Computer Science department of NKUA & “Design-Space-Culture” from NTUA. Natasha, CTO & Co-Founder. Natasha specializes in creative technology and digital game design & development, being a self-taught programmer since high school. She has experience in various professional and research projects concerning gamification and the design of mixed-reality interactive systems in the city. She holds a Diploma in Architectural Engineering from AUTH and 2 Master’s Degrees: “Information & Communication Technologies” from the Computer Science department of NKUA & “Design-Space-Culture”from NTUA.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Our platform is adapting to the needs of both local businesses and seekers of urban experiences. It addresses travelers and local that want to explore the a place by immersing themselves into the beauty of local stories andevents while also gaining offers for local products. The users play and discover at their own pace and preferences city neighborhoods through their local culture and traditional shops. The experience continues at home where users can team up with others, have fun remotely and continue gaining points to redeem at local shops, F&Bs, museums and hotels.That way local businesses gain traction (in-place & online), reach a broader market and thus attract new customers. Our platform consists of a mobile app, an authoring tool for automation of content creation and easy scalability and a web app that serves as a from home experience that engages users and acts as a promotion tool for our business customers and partners.
The app functions both as a self-guided travel experience and a location-based advertising tool for promoting local companies and F&Bs, using gamification elements to blend those two sides and maximize user engagement. At a B2C level, Narratologies app enhances city exploration, in a very substantial, educational and simultaneously fun and team bonding way, while keeping users safe by offering them a contactless, self-guided experience. Maximizing that value, we offer discounts of several local products using points they collect through our city discovery game. The more they learn and discover new places, the more they monetize that value, reduce the price and get suggestions of curated products or services. At a B2B level, we offer an innovative advertising tool, excellent to expand the customer segments of the local shop owners to millennials and generation z, both locals & travelers, increasing shop visitors and foot traffic via location-based marketing. Businesswire’s report shows location-based advertising campaigns are twenty times more successful than those that are not location-specific. At a B2G level, we contribute significantly to the local economy as the local shops that have a historical value and a traditional character function as cultural content in our app and get advertised without paying any fees, increasing traction and revenues and therefore contributing in the regeneration of the area.
Collaborating with local product suppliers, we are developing our original content for entire Athens city and 2 Greek islands for summer 2021 together with a web platform with virtual from-home experiences.We have received funding from the Ministry of Culture and Sports for the digitization of Athens Trigono. In the summer-autumn of 2020 we conducted a pilot in collaboration with All-Athens-Hotels (20 Hotels),GBR Consulting and the Municipality of Athens, beta tested our product and completed our MVP. We collaborate with All-Athens-Hotels, Municipality of Athens (EATA & This is Athens) and Athens International Airport,planning a pilot for summer 2021.Our awards and incubations list consist of: CapsuleT (3rd prize), MITEF 2020 Finalists, Athens Digital Lab 2nd, Digital Gate III(Early Stage winner),Mashav Israeli Agency for Global Development.The founders have been nominated Forbes 30U30 Greece 2021.
Narratologies will be looking for pre-seed funding in Autumn 2021.