1. For collaboration:NCP PC has as founding members a group pf five (5) professors of the University of Crete, with complementary know-how. They are competent in in silico and in vitro design and testing of novel pharmaceuticals and can provide a proof-of-concept study for other companies.2. For investors:NCP proprietary compounds provide an investment oportunity for potential investors, in the field of novel anti-viral drugs (SARS-CoV-2, influenza) with a high rate-of-return potential.
Pharmaceutical R&D based on research of University laboratories and Cretan plant biodiversity
1. A first class of plant-derived compounds has been reported (https://arxiv.org/abs/2007.07736)2. A publication on the lead naturap compound with anti- SARS-CoV-2 and anti- influenza activity has been reported (doi: 10.1002/prp2.798)
Nature Crete Pharmaceuticals PC (NCP, http://ncp.gr) is a spin-off of the University of Crete. Its main activity is the exploitation and development of the IP generated by its founding members, all Professors of the University of Crete. In details: (i) it owns a PCT of a library of small compounds, active against SARS-CoV-2 and Influenza; ((ii) it explores the plant biodiversity of the Cretan/Greel flora, for compounds of interest in human health/diseases; (iii) it helps pharmaceutical companies for the design and in vitro testing of compounds of interest; (iv) it performs outpatients' clinical trials as a service.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
1. NCP owns a PCT of a library of small compounds, active against SARS-CoV-2 and Influenza2. Exploration of cretan/greel plants' secondary metabolites for compounds of interest in human health/diseases3. Design and proof of concept in silico and in vitro validation of novel compounds, as a service for other companies4. Implementation of outpatients' clinical trials as a service
1. Patent on a small compounds' library of anti SARS-CoV-2 and anti- influenza compounds. An animal study of pharmacokinetics/pharmacotoxicology studies and a Phase I trial has been planned on the lead molecule of our series, in association with a Greek Pharmaceutical company.2. Analysis of novel plant combinations with specific analgesic activities.The above projects can lead to novel classes of compounds.
5 MEuro for the development of novel anti-virals, up to phase I3 MEuro for the development and commercialization of novel analgesics.A preliminary agreement with a Pharmaceutical company is established.