NAUMED® Ltd. is a medical research and development startup company, that was founded in 2015 by our medical team. The company's main area of focus is the upper and lower respiratory system, which our first revolutionary innovative medical devices were developed to protect. Both Igmorino® and Anassa® delivery devices make use and take great advantage of Greek nature's valuable goods, rich in minerals, such as the Aegean sea's flower of salt, aromatic plant extracts with high healing load, as well as already known active pharmaceutical ingredients, which are used in a topical and more efficient way.
As a result of an elaborated commercialization plan for igmorino®, and in order to cover the necessary expenses & investments, we are looking for € 0,5 M in funds (Pre-Series) in 2022 (KEY USE: Clinical Studies & Greek Launch), as well as Series A funding of € 5 M in 2023 & 2024 (KEY USE: Global roll-out).
igmorino® is a First-in-Class upper respiratory cleansing device, using a unique methodology, that enters the paranasal sinuses removing harmful bacteria and viruses that cause inflammation. igmorino® allows the selection of different solutions that could be used, such as: isotonic and hypertonic NaCl, herbal extracts and pharmaceutical solutions (future use). igmorino® induces and maintains a stable solution concentration in nasal cavities and paranasal sinuses. Its prolonged contact ensures extended osmotic action following a quick application of the device, due to the successful filling of the paranasal cavities and its gradual drainage. The drainage rate is analogous to the presence and extent of local inflammation and it ranges between 3-24h. Thus, with a 3-5 minute use, 1-3 times/week, a therapeutic action is provided.
NAUMED® Ltd. is a medical research and development startup company.
First-in-Class upper respiratory cleansing system, igmorino® enters the paranasal sinusesremoving harmful bacteria and viruses that cause inflammation. igmorino® delivers the solution into the nasal cavities and paranasal sinuses – something that until today was only possible through sanguinary microsurgery – contributing to their successful and deep cleansing. Additionally, it also ensures that the fluid remains in the targeted areas for a sufficient amount of time to have a healing effect. Designed and developed by physicians, igmorino® actively contributes to alleviating and preventing nasal congestion. Many studies suggest that large-volume, low-pressure nasal irrigation optimizes the distribution and cleansing power. Due to its innovative (patented) mode of action, igmorino® achieves exactly that.Whether using sprays or rinses for nasal irrigation, the main challenge remains to deliver the solution into the paranasal sinuses, which means acting at the heart of the problem. It is well established that the delivery of topical solution to the non-operated sinuses is very limited. Pressurized nasal sprays provide nasal cavity penetration at best, while squeeze bottle and Neti pot irrigation only achieve some maxillary sinus and ethmoid sinus penetration. The frontal and sphenoid sinuses are essentially not accessible with any of the existing products prior to surgery.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Dr. George Naoum – Chairman – Founder - InventorDimitris Naoum – General ManagerGeorge Minichios – Production ManagerSenior AdvisorsKonstantinos VossosSofia NasiouNAUMED currently has a solid business plan in place for the launch of igmorino in more that 18 markets. The roll-out kicks off across Europe (Greece, Italy, Spain, U.K., Germany, France etc), moving over to North America and Latina to finally open-up the Middle East and Asia markets by 2029. Sinusitis is a very common problem with poor solutions currently available, so the more we disuse the knowledge about igmorino benefits, the more market share we can gain. The barriers we currently identify are only connected with the funding required until 2025 so that we can execute our business plan and effect market launches.
•t2013 – Perception and decoding of Igmorino’s unique methodology•t2015 – NAUMED’s establishment & Initiation of device prototyping•t2017 – Global patents granted•t2019 – Design freeze and mold manufacturing•t2019 – CE mark granted•t2020 – Pilot study on 45 subjects with viral infections (including Covid-19)•t2020 – Award Winner of John & Mary Pappajohn, the American College of Thessaloniki•t2021 – Development completion