MTwin is a simulation software with various analysis and design features; it incorporates both tried and proven (e.g.: FEM) and novel spatial discretization techniques (e.g.: isogeometric analysis, meshless methods, X-FEM, etc.) with a variety of solution algorithms, it provides the ability to analyze systems in multiple scales, it facilitates parametric design optimization procedures and it boosts computing performance with surrogate/AI models and high performance computing. The software’s edge in comparison to existing software in the market is that it can combine all the above methodologies in a stochastic/reliability analysis framework. Another unique feature is the software’s synergy with both third-party modelling and CAD software, acting as an alternative solver engine. In general, MTwin has incorporated all the latest developments in simulation engineering due to NComp’s close link with the academia and affiliation with MGroup (http://mgroup.ntua.gr/) which is comprised of active researchers with a high expertise in their distinctive fields. Thanks to its unique features and advantages over its competitors, MTwin can take over a significant market share from the early start, even with the most moderate assumptions. With its funding current funding and targeted marketing, MTwin will have a kickstart that will confirm projected growth, reaching expected revenue of €1.5M within 5 years.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
NComp is founded by Vissarion Papadopoulos, associate professor in the school of civil engineering of the National Technical University of Athens and George Stavroulakis, software architect and computational mechanics expert in matters of large-scale computations and cloud computing. Both founders have vast experience in both industry and academia, having led large-scale projects in engineering, industry 4.0, big data and artificial intelligence. This team is empowered by bright minds of researchers and computer scientists, giving the company a leading edge in latest technologies and their applications.
NComp is a computational mechanics consulting and software services company, author of MTwin. MTwin is a cloud-based software-as-a-service, aiming to allow for the solution of real-world industry problems related to the broader field of engineering. NComp is targeting a multitude of business domains, including automotive, aerospace, environmental, energy and healthcare fields with MTwin, aspiring to provide a cloud-based platform for the creation of digital twins. At the forefront of its solution capabilities, MTwin is offering state-of-the-art uncertainty quantification capabilities on top of its simulation software, filling a serious gap in the market while addressing one of the main issues in the industry: to account for the various deviations encountered during, either the manufacturing process (e.g.: material micro-defects, geometrical inaccuracies, etc.) or the validation process (i.e.: discrepancy between the simulated and actual behavior of a product). MTwin features a web-based user interface, allowing for the user to insert his model and perform all relevant analyses.
Digital twin services and software for automotive, aerospace, biomedical and Industry 4.0
MTwin is a cloud service for engineers worldwide. As such, it offers premium services without upfront costs and specialized equipment, democratizing the power of simulation. Given the ubiquity of cloud services, MTwin has the potential to be for engineers what GMail is for the everyday user, thus being a candidate for immense growth. Having already received seed funding by government grants, NComp is seeking Series A funding between 1.5M€ το 3Μ€ in order to penetrate the world market
MTwin is a cloud-based software-as-a-service, aiming to allow for the solution of real-world industry problems related to the broader field of engineering. NComp is targeting a multitude of business domains, including automotive, aerospace, environmental, energy and healthcare fields with MTwin, aspiring to provide a cloud-based platform for the creation of digital twins. At the forefront of its solution capabilities, MTwin is offering state-of-the-art uncertainty quantification capabilities on top of its simulation software, filling a serious gap in the market while addressing one of the main issues in the industry: to account for the various deviations encountered during, either the manufacturing process (e.g.: material micro-defects, geometrical inaccuracies, etc.) or the validation process (i.e.: discrepancy between the simulated and actual behavior of a product). MTwin features a web-based user interface, allowing for the user to insert his model and perform all relevant analyses.
NComp is affiliated with MGroup, a computational mechanics lab at the school of civil engineering of the NTUA and is being mentored by Panos Theodossopoulos, former director of Microsoft Greece. MTwin has received letters of intent for the usage of MTwin from i-Race, one of the leading rallye support companies in Greece, Aero Appartion, a company specializing in the military defence market and Odin-Konsult AS, specializing in the optimization of radio networks.