1. The energy crisis is one of the important problems today. We working for 3 years now on Green energy production using hydrogen formation generators. Using recycled materials, we have the ability to transform them into green electrical energy with zero emissions. 2. The new TEG generation. In the field of energy, we working to produce new electrical and heat energy using Thermo generators on a modular big scale. 3 House and industrial energy optimization and management. Using smart IoT technology and AI we can minimize electricity and heating costs. Our latest product is lighting management with habits learning, timing, bulb span notification, electricity cost calculator, and management.
Energy is very important in our lives today! Our technology is the right way to energy saving, sustainability, and cost efficiency. The new alternative energy production and the new management devices we producing are capable to use recycling waste materials and convert them into pure and green energy. Because hydrogen is the future energy, we implementing new technologies and methods in hydrogen purification and production from wastes with minimum costs and zero emissions. This innovation is globally recognized and many companies around the world working toward in hydrogen production. Electrical vehicles and many other dependable devices can use this technology. Our main goal is the commercialization of technology in B2B and B2G around the world with starting point, our country.
We are Nefton Group Hellas. A group of engineers and scientists with a passion for science and innovation. Our goal is to provide you with affordable, innovative, and green technology in the field of Green Energy production of Hydrogen and other alternative energies, Robotics and Automation, Construction Materials, Agriculture, and the Medical field.Our company was established in 2020 in Greece with a different approach to manufacturing and innovation. Is very important to us the environment protection and for this reason, our products are developed using recycled materials with zero emissions. Nefton Group is 2 sector company, with R&D department and mass production of the final product. The research department works on the basic idea using the latest technological methods for simulation and testing. The production and marketing department works on how to produce the final project at a mass production level and how to distribute it globally.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Nefton Group Hellas, was established by one person. Now is growing with 4 employees and 3 external partnerships. Our team is consist of Engineers, programmers, designers, technologists, and marketers. Our strategy is to establish a strong foundation in the global market and scientific society, developing unique and useful products. With headquarters in Greece we expanding to different countries with strong industrial backgrounds like Germany for fast shipping in European countries, and collaboration with local manufacturers. In addition, the next milestone is to expand our research and development department to more complicated projects. A strong marketing department is necessary to have a good foundation, for better customer targeting and distribution.
Research and Development company in Engineering, Sustainable manufacturing and Green Energy
As a startup research company was very important to establish the right technological environment with the latest engineering and scientific tools, and machinery. Today we are ready to research and develop new products and ideas. After 3 years of research in Hydrogen production, the next step is the commercialization and production of our project. Same time with hydrogen technology we are ready for mass production of our new product with the name "FOS". The automated light switch controller for household and industrial use. With collaboration and contracts with Greek and overseas manufacturing companies, we are on the right path regarding production and distribution.
We are ready to collaborate with any financial organization, Angels, Venture capitals, etc, to raise funding for department expansion, research methods and technology, and mass production of our products covering the cost of raw materials, recruiting new scientists, and marketing.