NZA is an exclusive provider of ESG solutions using advanced data analytics
EcoVerse is a ground-breaking ESG data management ecosystem providing financial institutions and other organizations easy access to structured ESG metrics of market participants reinforcing the decision-making process enabling them to comply with regulatory guidelines. Moreover it empowers corporations to transform business practices for a sustainable future in an orderly and transparent manner.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
An end-to-end ESG data management platform that allows the efficient transfer and processing of ESG metrics from market participants to Financial Institutions.One end of thε platform (Ecoverse™) acts as a funnel that enables organizations to report their data. The other end (Prism™), is an ML based data analytics engine that generates performance insights supporting the decision making process for various industries (financial institutions, asset management, rating agencies, governments, etc).
NZA is currently in discussions with Financial Institutions in Greece who are interested to adopt Ecoverse in their daily operations.
The company is self funded. Potential funding needs will be reassessed following the conclusion of the first agreements with FIs.
NZA is currently comprised of 9 members and steadily growing.The research team has 6 staff membersThe tech team has 2 staff members.The founder is responsible for business development. Ecoverse is the only known platform that is specially designed to accommodate the needs of FIs.
ESG reporting is the disclosure of data explaining a business’s impact and added value in the areas: Environment, Social and Governance. It provides valuable insights to help stakeholders assess long-term value. Over the past years we have witnessed mounting pressure on Financial Institutions from regulatory bodies to integrate ESG data in all Bank processes. The problems are:- Lack of availability of ESG data- Disorderly and inconsistent ESG reporting landscape.- Time and effort needed to manually collect ESG data