Netdata solutions are unique in the infrastructure monitoring market for the following reasons: - The simplest install that also provides instant insights; immediately allows anyone to monitor systems and applications with zero configuration or planning.- The unlimited high-resolution, real time health monitoring and troubleshooting of any technology stack.- A minimal overhead and smallest resources footprint placed on monitored systems.- An intuitive interface with easy navigation.- An interoperable and extensible framework with hundreds of applications.- An open source agent with continuous community improvements.- Easy monitoring and troubleshooting collaboration with team members.- All monitoring and troubleshooting functionality is completely free for anyone to use with no restrictions or limits whatsoever.
Costa Tsaousis the founder and CEO of Netdata is the original developer of the Netdata Agent Software. Costa carries 25 years of executive management experience in the online IT services industry, leading disruptors like Viva.gr, Viva Wallet, and Hellas Online to become challengers using technology. Each of the two other members of the Executive Team, COO Christopher Akritidis and CFO Dimitris Protogirou, individually carries more than 20 years of executive experience in Telecom and Tech Companies across several European countries and the US.
The company was established in 2018 and received $2 million initial funding from Marathon VC.In 2019 it raised $14million from reputable Venture capitalists in the US. In 2020 it launched its cloud SaaS and raised another $15 million. Total capital raised to date is $31 million. Within 2 years after launch, Netdata has carved out an impressive presence in the technical community. Currently Netdata has:- 51.7K GitHub Stars Received - 444 mn Docker Hub Pulls+456K/day- 3.7 mn unique users+10.5K/day- 2 mn servers monitored+4K/day- 62 mn sessions served+58.3K/day
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Netdata provides an open source agent that installs on all monitored machines and a cloud SaaS application that allows for the collective monitoring of an enterprise’s IT infrastructure.
Netdata does not have any immediate funding needs as it raised USD 15 Million in 2020.
Netdata makes IT infrastructure monitoring and troubleshooting easy for everyone. The open-source based Netdata solution delivers impressive out-of-the-box capabilities for monitoring and troubleshooting complete technology stacks that IT professionals can't believe are free. Those new to systems troubleshooting, as well as seasoned professionals, are able to proactively diagnose and correct performance and uptime issues due to Netdata’s powerful yet easy to use monitoring functionality.
Netdata is a modern software company devoted to making IT infrastructure monitoring and troubleshoot