Noesis Technologies has been established in 2019 aiming to further develop and integrate innovative RTD solutions based on AI,Robotics, DSS, 3D visualization and Digital Twinning technologies, for SMEs, industry and local governments. As an early stage startup, Noesis is developing its smart technology solutions & services as a result of EU H2020 and Horizon Europe research RTD projects in collaboration with global technology providers and strategic partners. Key areas of interest for its RTD activities include:•Smart Manufacturing•Cultural Heritage•Advanced Materials•Renewables & Construction•Smart Cities •Healthcare•Cybersecurity
NOESIS will adopt, both, a licensing and a B2B SaaS/PaaS business model. In due timeand in close collaboration with major Cloud Servise providers Noesis shall be ready tooffer Smart-­‐QMCS SaaS/PaaS Platform services, targeting mainly manufacturing SMEs.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Noesis Technologies is developing an intelligent machine vision solution called smartquality monitoring and control system (Smart-­‐QMCS), primarily for the AdditiveManufacturing market. Prototype Smart-­‐QMCS makes use of Machine & Deep Learningmodels and algorithms for in-­‐line process monitoring, by quickly acquiring, processingand interpreting high-­‐resolution stereoscopic images of extruded (3D printed) resinmaterial, further controlling in real-­‐time a robotic arm to adjust or discard faulty partsand address current challenges in Additive Manufacturing processes, thus improvingoverall product and process quality, while at the same time minimizing production leadtimes and material waste. In addition to Additive Manufacturing, NOESIS’s intelligentmachine vision solution (Smart-­‐QMCS) could be further customized to addresscomplementary manufacturing industries to solve and support their quality monitoringand control issues, mostly in discrete and high value manufacturing sectors, such asAutomotive, Aerospace, Shipbuilding, Renewable Energy, Machine Tools, etc.The Smart-­‐QMCS solution has been initially developed, validated and demonstrated atindustrial settings, as part of H2020 project KRAKEN (https://krakenproject.eu/), whereNOESIS has participated as a technology developing partner, by designing, integratingand testing its machine vision solution on a robotic arm fixed to a large area movingcrane system with the robot handling.
NOESIS’s Smart-­‐QMCS solution has already been very innovative in thedesign and construction of its stereoscopic multiple camera machine vision system, aswell as in its fast image processing software algorithms. Now, as part of its furthermarket exploitation commitment, NOESIS is further extending its product innovation byincorporating machine learning and deep learning algorithms into its Smart-­‐QMCSsolution for becoming directly competitive with more advanced related solutions andsupport a more extensive set of manufacturing industries, further to additivemanufacturing. This will provide a major competitive advantage versus many existingcompeting solutions. Of course, further and continuous effort and investment will berequired to scale up and expand the list of clients and markets. Moreover, for thebusiness model to become more competitive and innovative, NOESIS will expend itsproduct competitiveness by developing a Smart-­‐QMCS Cloud Platform, where allrelevant client manufacturing processes will be connected, remotely monitored andwhere applicable controlled, a functionality which is adding significant value to itsoffering and consequently could become a game-­‐changer to its competitiveness. On the scalability side, we intend to accelerate ourplatform product development plans, aiming to support multiple clients remotely andfurther integrate our solution with 3 rd party software platforms such as ERP and MESsolutions.
NOESIS has achieved some critical milestones in product and commercial development.Further to the initial Smart-­‐QMCS system prototype, it has made an agreement withNoesis Technologies to further develop in collaboration the solution and embed machineand deep learning algorithms and models, accommodating faster and more accurateindustry requirements. It will further improve its relation with leading AI Cloud platformservice providers, such Microsoft Azure and AWS. Achieving a quailfiedsystem/application developer status within their ecosystem, will provide a huge boost inthe visibility accreditation of NOESIS’s solution towards its targeted clientele. This isscheduled to take place within the next couple of years and is another major milestoneto be achieved. At the same time, NOESIS has started to pilot Smart-­‐QMCS systemimplementations with various industrial clients in order to test, validate and improve theperformance of its solution. Three (3) such contracts with industrial companies havebeen signed for pilot implementation within this year, with more expected immediatelyafter. Finally, NOESIS is planning to collaborate closely and become a system integratorfor ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning), MES (Manufacturing Execution System) andROBOT/COBOT system providers in order to integrate its solution with their platformsfor industrial clients. One (1) such contract with a COBOT/AMR systems provider hasalready been signed in that end.
The core team consists of members covering the different key disciplines and aspectsrequired for a solid business and commercial venture initiation and support. Specifically,the teams consist of Mr. Dimitrios Karadimas, with more than 30 years experience insenior technology and business development management positions in multinationalindustries and SMEs, who is the Co-­‐founder, CEO and main business developer forNOESIS, responsible for the assessment and follow-­‐up of new business opportunities andattraction of capital investments. The team is complemented by Dr. AnastasiaVassilakopoulou, Co-­‐founder, Chief Research Officer (CRO) and responsible for acquiringbreakthrough EU and national research projects and further developing Noesis’ keytechnological expertise. Moreover, two additional key members of the team are relatedto IT application development and manufacturing engineering. Mr. Dimitris Bakalbasis,an experienced IT systems development expert and and Mr. Alexandros Prassas, aqualified mechanical engineer with significant experience in electrical & mechanicalmanufacturing systems design and implementation are complementing the core team,adequately covering the necessary roles for initiating and supporting a successfultechnology startup venture.