The TeamManos Smyrlakis: CEO(chemist, MBA) with experience in consumer goods and pharmaceutical industry, originally founded ROOTS Spirits in Greece in 2013 and is one of the founders of the Spin-off NOMADA in 2017 (https://www.linkedin.com/in/manos-smyrlakis-7007794/ )Kimon Kapetanakis: Commercial manager, with 20 years experience in various sales positions in fast moving consumer goods,
NOMADA honey soda, is a product that is based on an ancient recipe, one of the oldest recipes in the world. It is based on Cretan honey - well known globally for its healthy attributes – and Sicilian lemons – well known for their antioxidant effects. The specific combination in the recipe creates an energy booster that is much healthier than the existing and had additional health attributes as well (detox, weight loss, digestive, boost cognitive performance, helpful for cold & respiratory infection etc..). At the same time, based on original raw materials, it carries only 16 calories per 100ml.It is also carbonated, creating a gold beer-like foam, steming from the natural honey. NOMADA range will keep on focusing on the original, baseline recipe and will not include new ingredients thus focusing on the nutritious effects of their combination.
capital raise 50k euro, which will be invested in the Greek entity only 2 batches consisting of 2 flavors, production cost : 17k EuroOne-off production expenses (LABEL/CARTON PRINT PROOFS) in Italian plant:3k EuroOne off marketing & design expenses (labels & website refurbishment & update) :3k EuroMkting, Point of sale support : 2,5k EuroOPEX (admin & selling expenses for 12 months until cash flow positive) :25k Euro
The last few years, the products that are related with alcohol have been attacked based on extensive research that shows the bad implications alcohol has on people’s health (especially youngsters), the addiction it creates and even more the extensive problems on the skin and its aging. Consumers, when turned to non-alcoholic beverages, found-out that cola beverages that dominated had also bad health effects as well as bad addiction. Since 2011, almost 70% of the new non-alcoholic beverages that were launched, were non-cola beverages, half of them carbonated and half non-carbonated. Tea products were the mostly launched but also mixers have been very popular as well. (eg Fever Tree,Thomas Henry, 3cents etc) Now, we enter the era of functional beverages that have a clear and obvious benefit for consumers well-being. Their market share increases substantially and they gain considerable shelf share. A succesful example is the “KeVita” probiotic soft drinks, acquired bt Pepsi.Moreover, in addition to the functional element, there is a steadily growing trend for “adult soft drinks”, a category which is filling the gap of the decreasing trend of alchohol consumption.The solution is the “adult soft drink” which keeps the “look and feel” and experience of drinking, and the sense of “belonging” to the social drinkers, yet without drinking alcohol, and standing out from the crowd.UAE countries, where alcohol is forbidden, is a big opportunity
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Beverages naturally made with long heritage reimagined today and offered with functional benefits
We have touched base and discussed with several importers/distributors who have expressed interest and requested for the “organic nomada” , and will engage as soon as the organic version is in the market. These are : Amathus Drinks, London , Sisu wholefoods in Ireland (supplying google and facebook offices among others), Riegel Bioweine Germany, etcCurrent export markets are Israel and USA with steadily growing order sizes & product placements
NOMAΔA is an “adult soft drink” , the fastest growing sector within soft drinks, as more people choose not to drink alcohol and or look ways to reduce the amount, mimicing however the habit and occasion of drinking alcohol.NΟΜΑΔΑ is enjoyed in a wine glass, and has a beer-like foam, from thyme honey.The true essence of ΝΟΜΑΔΑ. The natural ingredients, the perfect terroir, the heritage of the recipe itself, the travelling and maturation of the recipe in time .In any way you see it, ΝΟΜΑΔΑ can be found everywhere. Honey Lemon soda, a beverage naturally made with long heritage, deeply rooted in ancient remedy recipes, re-imagined today and offered with a set of functional health benefits, for people with hectic lifestyles who would love to enjoy their “missed breakfast natural honey intake” anywhere and anytime.We carefully select authentic thyme honey from Crete’s unlimited summer sun, biodiversity with rare plants and animals. Our honey is a natural energy boost with a flamboyant floral taste and fruity aftertaste with hints of citrus. Our juicy Sicilian lemons grow around Mount Etna, where the Mediterranean climate of sunny hot days and cool nights.