We have created / are developing a SaaS platform named E-advisor that allow e-shops to know more about their clients using a number of intelligent software & tools. Our comprehensive suite of personalization services harnesses the power of AI and Big Data to create a unique experience for each visitor of the e-shop.1) We increase conversion rates by improving site usability with accurate cross-sales, up-sales, and general navigation through specific, smart recommendations that appear in product pages, category pages, homepage etc.2) We provide the necessary tools to improve their stock management and predict sales3) We gather session data from visitors and compel them to finish their purchase4) We reduce the marketing cost of acquiring a new customer
At NopServices we are passionate technologists.Our aim is to help organizations create engaging digital properties and use the internet to achieve business goals. Our skills in blending technology, design and marketing make us ideal consultants and partners.We believe in hard work, unique ideas and on-time delivery. Every project is completed by following specific steps and thorough testing. We research each assignment individually and act accordingly. We believe that interactivity is the key to a successful web presence and that is why we focus on creating an interactive user experience based on usability, creativity and high quality aesthetics.E-store owners face many challenges when operation an e-shop.1) It is very expensive to pair relevant products to the individual customer2) They do not have the proper tools to predict stock/sales of each product over a period of time3) They do not know how to tie session data to an individual customer, and compel them to complete their purchase. 88,05% of e-shop carts are abandoned. This is a huge amount of behavioral data to ignore.4) They are spending significant money on marketing with poor conversion rates
Our SaaS is an AI-fueled e-commerce software. It also harness the power of Big Data & Analytics. All the recommendation/predictions that we offer as part of our service are based on machine learning. Machine learning algorithms help our customers to discover patterns or trends in some set of data without being explicitly programmed to recognize the pattern or trend.Our solution works with all shopping cart software. Store owners don’t need to have special technical skills or knowledge to use or work with it.Finally we challenge the way that our competitors perceive the market, since their model seems to target bigger companies. Despite the fact that our solution works for all size & types of e-shops, we aim mostly to SME's providing them with a solution which is considerably cheaper.
We have paid customers (contracts in the supporting material). We have other clients that are using the trial version of our software.E-advisor is used by Irokids.gr & Tacticalshop.gr.We have implemented the following features.1) Cross sell suggestions2) Stock management prediction3) Sales predictionWe have implemented a basic functionality of customer profiling and segmentation. We are negotiating with NopCommerce to include our solution to the standard NopCommerce installation. We plan to finish all features by March 2023.We have been funded by three ESPA programs. Those funds helped enormously to develop our product.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
We seek 350.000€ and offer 20% equity.This money will give us the opportunity to build new features up until 03/2023. Will offer us the ability to invest in marketing to attract new customers To build relationships with trips to 3 countries for negotiations of representation contractsInvest in R&D for new channels (e- marketplaces) Hire lawyers and administrative staff
We are a team of professionals that have been involved for a number of years in the creation of successful eCommerce solutions that combine great design, rock solid technology and integrated web marketing. We have created more than 100 e-shops for customers from all walks of life. We have a clear understanding on the current e-marketing trends and what are the needs/goals of store owners.We understand that Big Data, Artificial Intelligence are the thing of the future.The various roles that are assumed by team members are:• Project Manager• Business Analyst• Solution Architect• Data Analyst• Developer• Sales - MarketingFinally we want to highlight the fact that we have been trusted by successful startups to design/develop their products (DoctorAnytime, ContactPigeon, JobsBnB).
Our solutions include web design, web development, mobile development, AI, Big Data