Customers can open bank accounts in minutes and are provided full control of all their encrypted KYC data on a secure platform, removing previous information silos and the labour of redundant submissions, Regulators can view a clear audit trail for their compliance checks without infringing upon customer data privacy laws and Banks and licensing Authorities reduce costly duplication of effort and improve compliance by gathering more accurate data while also providing a better customer experience.
We will be looking to fundraise to fuel our European growth and augment our commercial and implementation teams in the next 12months.
norbloc builds blockchain KYC platforms that enable individuals, organizations and regulators to effectively manage and securely share verified Know Your Customer data. Headquartered in Stockholm, Sweden, the team behind norbloc holds significant experience in blockchain technology development and financial services. Financial institutions, governments, and licensing authorities across the globe trust norbloc’s technology to enhance customer onboarding, increase data security and mitigate systemic risk. norbloc has its headquarters in Stockholm, Sweden, its Development Hub in Athens, Greece and its M. Eastern branch in DIFC in Dubai, UAEnorbloc is also the technology provider for the UAE KYC Blockchain Platform, a nationwide ecosystem that is live in the UAE, and involves seven financial institutions and two government entities. The initiative has been endorsed by Moody’s as credit positive for the banks that are part of it.
norbloc founders come from Business and Technology backgrounds and the team set out to create a system that would remove the inefficiencies inherent in the KYC process, and allow for secure sharing of customer data between financial institutions in a GDPR compliant manner via norbloc’s flagship platform, FIDES. Today, FIDES is the technology that powers the UAE KYC Blockchain Platform, a nationwide ecosystem that is live with over 270,000 corporate customer files on the platform. norbloc has its headquarters in Stockholm, Sweden, its Development Hub in Athens, Greece and its M. Eastern branch in DIFC in Dubai, UAE
Winner of MAS Global Fintech Hackcelerator in Singapore for 2022Implementing the first KYC blockchain platform for Corporates globally between 8 major institutions, live in Q1 2020Conducted PoC & Pilots with 20+ banks and Govt’s in 2 continents Selected in the global RegTech 100 list for 2018 and 2019
norbloc builds blockchain KYC platforms to effectively manage and securely share verified KYC data
norbloc has created three platforms tackling both lack of digitization as well as duplication of efforts within and across groups. SANCUS – Digital Onboarding & validation platform, ATLAS – Internal KYC data sharing platform & FIDES – Data sharing platform across institutions
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.