To further implement and expand the new IoT project W.I.S.D.O.M. (Wireless Information System Data On Maintenance), the current funding needs are estimated to approximately 5 million euros.
LoRaWAN, an open technology, for long-range low-energy wireless communication can be a solution for the spreading of condition monitoring but the low bandwidth leads to a new requirement: edge computing. So the evaluation must be performed locally and only the diagnosis transmitted to the control room. The product we develop is W.I.S.D.O.M. (Wireless Information System Data On Maintenance), a predictive maintenance system for industrial equipment, with integrated machine learning and artificial intelligence, operating over a long-range tended wireless network.WISDOM comprises a wireless smart vibrations sensor kit and its accompanying management software. It is compact, battery-powered, and installed on the equipment, processing the vibrations profile and transmitting periodically the diagnosis. Vibration analysis was chosen as it can spot a problem earlier than any other method.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Anelysis is an engineering and commercial company developing innovative automation systems.We Design Solutions and systems design by experienced engineers for your applications. We Supply Multiple warehouse locations, strong availability, fast dispatch, high quality & original products.We Install On site installation, supervision & commissioning, innovative technology installations.We Service After sales support, service & repair by experienced technicians.A core aspect of the Industry 4.0 revolution for overall manufacturing efficiency is Predictive Maintenance. Experts depending on the actual condition data, collected by sensors, are forecasting the future state of the equipment and perform maintenance tasks only when warranted, long before any fault actually occurs. The cost reduction and productivity increase are impressive and stimulate a high demand for a smart factory model. The seemingly simple deployment of sensors is in practice a cumbersome problem. Itinvolves detailed preplanning, many kilometers of sensitive cables, and service crews working in harsh labor conditions to install and afterward monitor and repair damages from accidents, etc. Vast data interpretation in real-time on the other hand requires highly skilled expert personnel. A business opportunity exists for an almost plug-and-play solution that would neither use cables nor need experts to interpret vast data in real-time.
Anelysis is an engineering and commercial company developing innovative automation systems
2015Anelysis is born.2016Development of first the commercial automation solution.2017Joining Concibus Network as a full member.2018Software development reaches version 3 (modular 100+ points monitoring)2019Launching of the WLC and Total Lubrication controllers families2020Wireless flowmeters integration
Alexander Papathanasiou: Manager, Software Development, 6 years experience.Dimitris Papangelis: Dipl. Electrical Engineer, Automation Development, 6 years experience.Panagiota Mylona: Dipl. Product Design Engineer, Product Development, 6 years experience.Leonidas Tzigertzis: Business Economics, Commercial Development, 22 years experience.Fadi Tarabay: Dipl. Electrical Engineer, Tech Consultant, 24 years experience.Dimitris Papathanasiou: Dipl. Chemical Engineer, Tech Consultant, 30 years experience.Matthias Beerlage: Dipl. Mechanical Engineer, Tech Consultant, 35 years experience.The growth strategy is in direct proportion with the customers’ demand which as wementioned earlier is growing exponentially with no emerging technology on the horizonwhich would threaten this. The interconnected smart factory that optimizes the assetsmanagement with a limited number of human and material resources will remain theprevailing trend in the following decades.Potential barriers to growth would be the lack of sufficient financing:To build new production lines to cope with the expected increase in sales.To attract more talents to further evolve the system.
Our innovation lies in the combination of cutting-edge M2M, AI, LorAWAn in a unified hardware-software solution for a system that measures, interprets, diagnoses, and decides the course of action without any human intervention.Advantages compared to the few direct competitors:Interconnection with facility’s systems at either CMMS or SCADA level.Plus features like short-range raw data stream to operator’s tablet via Bluetooth.Compact, suitable for on-site installation.Increased reliability and durability even in harsh environments.Almost plug and play ease of installationSeveral years autonomous operation on a single battery.Competitive pricing.Well-known established customers.Many years of field experience with the described challenges.Advantages compared to the currently used solutions:Simplicity and friendly user interface for the end-user.Fast and easy deployment.No tedious and costly cabling needed. No interpreting expert personnel needed.