We create our own, modular technology platform for developing cloud commercial applications (Synapsis Engine) on Microsoft's cutting-edge technologies. (.NET 6, Blazor, .NET MAUI).We have designed a solution with which can be managed the infrastructure of a Municipality, or a Municipal Enterprise with a very easy and user-friendly way. With the proposed systemcan alsofully managed and monitoringthe maintenance procedures and policiesThe solution is based on all the modern technologies of Microsoft, it is full web, it can work either in the Cloud or locally, it can be used by any device. New Microsoft development tools are used It also connects both to IoT systems for direct monitoring of equipment status and the adoption of energy saving policies and through APIs to accounting and business management systems.We use AI Technologies , Reporting Tools Proposed solution can be used by any devise, Mobile (Androidor IOS), Desktop, etc.Key element isthat can easily operate the implementation of all roles, suchas :Management, Administrative Staff, Technical Staff, Subcontractors
•We create our own, modular technology platform for developing cloud commercial applications (Synapsis Engine) on Microsoft's cutting-edge technologies. (.NET 6, Blazor, .NET MAUI).•Creating Innovative Solutions – Modules , with the utilization of the platform in the fields of Asset Management and Work Order Management. In its fully-fledged mode, our platform will be a unique-of-its-kind combination of new technologies (e.g., Maui app platform), AI, and scalability characteristics, capable of monitoring and evaluating in real-time Maintenance management operations of portfolios of any size and type. From the smallest municipal enterprise to the largest region, our versatile platform will have the capacity and flexibility to register, monitor, and calculate hundreds of parameters for every single fixed asset, building, plant, space, and equipment, no matter their number, size, and type.Most importantly, though, the platform will be able to calculate, resources , work hours, cost, and CO emission savings in real-time at a portfolio level, for every municipality and region that uses it, enhancing their respective ESG status.Key features of the platform will be :-Two-way communication, via API, with BMS systems-Intelligent prediction of events through AI capabilities-Fully integrated with all Microsoft tools-It also connects both to IoT systems for direct monitoring of equipment status and the adoption of energy saving policies and through APIs to accounting and bu
There are people in the company with over 25 years, each, experience .The company manager and development manager worked at huge companiesin important positions in the field of telcos and in the private sector He was responsible for man ICT Solutions in Telcos and Private Sector. The sales manager also has over 20 years of experience CTO has experience in large IT companies, (and over 25 years of experience and many accomplishments Current Delivery structure of our company Software Development TeamERP / CRM Projects Delivery TeamQA TeamGrowth strategy•The first goal is to continue investing in the Software Development Department. To continue the development of the Synapsis Engine Application Development platform in order to be able to quickly and productively develop integrated IT solutions.•We have designed a solution with which can be managed the infrastructure of a Municipality, or a Municipal Enterprise with a very easy and user-friendly way. With the proposed systemcan alsofully managed and monitoringthe maintenance procedures and policies . It is now being implemented in the first Municipality and the immediate goal is to install in another 5 Municipalities in the next 7 months. LatestMicrosoft development tools are used Next steps are : toInstall the Platform of our company to companies that have Equipment, Assets and Maintenance works. to Grow our customer base andprovide our customers with Integrated solutions
Our company creates useful and innovative business IT solutions and transfers Smile and Reliability, both inside the company as well as outside, to companies and Organisations in Greece and Abroad.Our Goals are •To prove to be a valuable and important partner of Businesses and Organizations in the field of Computer Support, Organization and Innovation.•To be a company that each of us will grow personally and professionally, complement each other, and offer Production and Knowledge.Critical questions of our customersCritical questions we answer •How can I utilize information in order to make business decisions?•How can I perform the maintenance of critical installations ? •How can I ensure the quality and correctness of the company's products?•How could Municipalitiesdivert huge savings to more productive and socially impactful activities if they could operate preemptively through smart facility management technologies.Some additional Characteristics •We are specialised inIBM MAXIMO Asset Management Solution. (The world's leading Asset and Work Management product.) •We are one of the few companies that implement Entersoft ERP and Soft1 ERP solutions. So we are able to offer integrated solutions •We have a very strong department and infrastructure regarding QA.•We are one of the few companies that work and collaborate with Microsoft, IBM and Oracle.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Our services and Solutions are offered almost to 30 brands – small medium and large enterpriseOur company continuously invests in innovation and development , especially in the creation of Application Development platform and the development of useful modules and products. We have grown a lot in the last 3difficult years and today we have 40employees The important milestones are Our Major Increase of revenue and Customers in the last three years.We have developed our own develop application platformand a module of a Field Service solution.Our Specialisation in IBM MAXIMO and high complexity Asset Management and Field Service product of IBM. We have develop friendly mobile maintenance solution for industrial workers fully integrated with IBM MAXIMO.We establiseda very strong department and infrastructure regarding QA.We Developed a Business Cards recognition systems , fully integrated with CRM Systems.
Funding needs are criticalto continue develop our platform anddevelop our innovation team
NousPratIT is a technology company with extensive, time-proven, technical and commercial expertise.