Novoville is not planning to raise additional funding in the next 12 months.
- "Mobile first" approach- Modular architecture that allows multiple services delivery using existing interfaces (mobile/web)- Data processing & analysis from multiple resources for customised KPIs and analytics- Plug & play approach for fast delivery- SaaS model / cloud based - Customisable services based on country/city needs.- Currently developing AI - enabled algorithms for public policy applications.
Founding members have backgrounds that range from electrical and computer engineering to political science and data analysis. Novoville currently employees 20 highly skilled professionals (15 men, 5 women) in two offices: London, UK and Athens, Greece.Novoville plans to expand its operations in more European countries in 2022.
Novoville is a cloud platform for digital service-delivery for councils/city authorities. It is considered to be among the best digital customer-care solutions for local governments and it is currently been used in over 70 of them across Europe. It creates a layer between the actual council/city services and the citizen that consumes them. In a short amount of time citizens enjoy corporate-level quality of support when been serviced.Novoville platform is structured around four major verticals:1. CRM/ e-frontdesk2. Parking & mobility3. Volunteering management4. Shared repairs management
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Clients: 70 local governments across Europe (as of April 2021)- Notable Achievements & Awards:> TechForce19 award (NHS/UK)> Urban Challenge award (West Midlands Combined Authority/UK)> CivTech Scotland award (Government of Scotland/UK)> GovStart (UK)
Novoville is a GovTech startup offering solutions to local governments for digital service delivery
Novoville operates in the broader Government Technology (GovTech & CivTech) sector, developing digital solutions for local governments. Novoville has been recognised as one of the top ten European GovTech startups and is currently collaborating with 70 local governments in 3 European countries (as of April 2021). Novoville’s vision is to transform public services and make them more citizen-centric, efficient and accessible by leveraging state-of-the-art mobile/web technologies. The founding members have backgrounds that range from electrical and computer engineering to political science and data analysis.Novoville has developed the Novoville Citizen Engagement Platform, a civic engagement solution that facilitates digital interactions between citizens and local authorities.Novoville has gained pan-European recognition and has received multiple awards (Tech4ourPlanet/COP26, TechForce19,Urban Challenge Award , CivTech Scotland Challenge, Best City Awards).