Our team combines a strong research / academic background with several years of industry experience. Our expertise ranges from low-level system software (hypervisor / OS layers) to runtime systems and HPC application optimizations. Several members of our team have been involved in engineering teams that brought research technology to market, as well as conducting bleeding-edge research, acknowledged by refereed publications in top-tier academic consortia. Above all, we are excited to work on this revolutionary technology and we are definitely thrilled to reach a first milestone of this worthy endeavour.
In NUBIS we are currently working with customers to finetune a SaaS offering, scheduled to be released in Q1 2022. In this context, NUBIS collaborates with EU entities to integrate ML inference acceleration functionality to our platform and enhance our container orchestration framework. The particular focus in this aspect is Edge-Cloud interoperability.
The strong background of NUBIS' members on OS/hypervisor development, as well as runtime & acceleration systems place the company ahead of its competitors. The building blocks of NUBIS' product are based on well-established technology. Additionally, the integration of unikernels with efficient/lightweight virtualization and the addition of hardware acceleration for applications differentiates NUBIS from the state of practice. Specifically: - adding unikernels to the serverless software stack reduces the runtime memory footprint, the attack surface and guarantees execution reproducibility.- employing lightweight virtualization mechanisms reduces the overhead needed to ensure secure multi-tenancy, so hardware resources are utilized at 100%, without sacrificing performance for the end-user- adding hardware acceleration to the mix boosts NUBIS' solution, not only as an enabling factor, but also as a scale-out/scale-up hybrid execution model.
NUBIS is a young SME that aspires to transform research ideas to products. Our team has more than 20 years of experience in designing, building, and maintaining multi-stack systems, with a strong academic and industry background. Our expertise ranges from systems software to runtime systems and HPC applications. We are a fully distributed company working mostly from Greece.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
NUBIS develops a lightweight virtualization solution that allows short-lived tasks to be executed securely and efficiently in a multi-tenant, resource-scarce environment. The software stack ranges from the hypervisor level (low-level systems software) to the libOS part of the application (runtime system). NUBIS focuses on the Edge deployment market, trying to facilitate application execution at the edge in a uniform and efficient way.Specifically, we build a serverless framework for the Edge, targetting application efficiency, hardware acceleration, keeping the workload management overhead to a minimum with a tiny resource footprint.
We would like to meet early-stage investors to support us in growing the business & team.