Gynecology as a healthcare service is in need of innovation; it is a traditional broken system that does not fulfill the needs of the modern woman. As women’s purchasing power and demands are increasing, we realize great potential for a tech and healthcare service designed especially for them. Through user research, we have identified five problems with traditional gynecology today.(1) Good doctors are few and not accessible, and when they are in proximity, (2) too much time is wasted in getting appointments. (3) During visits the costs of tests and consultation are not clear. (4). Many women encounter judgmental conservative doctors and (5) feel they have no control or privacy in the process.SOLUTIONomgyno is a one stop shop for female sexual health that offers:1. Home test kits for the most common gynecological lab exams (Vaginal Swab, HPV, STIs, Urinalysis) in partnership with local labs that certify the method and results.2. Telehealth services with select qualified doctors3. Online shop for hygienic products, treatments, and international Femtech products.4. Content on sexual and reproductive health and relevant subjects, highlighting the platform as a promoter of women’s body rights in order to develop a community.
The team is composed of two co-founders who are experienced female entrepreneurs with 10-15 years experience international work experience.1. Doreen Toutikian, CEO/ CMO Product & Service Designer/ Comms & Brand Strategist/Cultural Producer/ Community Builder/2. Elisabeth Milisi, CFO/ COOProduct & Sales Manager/Financial Consultant/Business Developer/ Market Research Analyst/Currently we are hiring our communication team.
This full service healthcare model for women's health does not exist currently anywhere in the world and our business model is based on scalability. omgyno has partnerships with one lab and a network of doctors who provide their services in every city in which it operates. This models allows us to scale up quickly, with relevantly few costs. omgyno sells their services to its community of users, taking a commission fee on every purchase.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
omgyno is an online health & wellness service that is redesigning the female gynecological experience with user-centered innovative services that promote self-care and control by offering:1. Home test kits for gynecology (vaginal swabs for culture, UTI, HPV, STI) in partnership with a local lab, Telehealth services with selected qualified doctors that abide by our values, an e-shop for sustainable hygienic Femtech products, and a guide for providing up to date educational content on the subject.
omgyno was founded in May 2021, with its first headquarters in Athens. It has obtained all legal certifications to fulfill its goals and provide the healthcare services as brokers in August 2021.omgyno started making sales on e-shop products and telehealth services in September 2021.The official launch of the company with a rigid marketing plan is set for October 2021.
omgyno is a female-led health platform offering telehealth, home tests & Femtech products.
omgyno will begin fundraising in November 2021 for 500k in order to start the expansion plan towards the middle east and the balkans.