The application of virtual reality and its functions are still being explored. There are many who do not yet own a VR device and this limits their interaction with others that have. Onskull, in order to contribute to the interconnection of the two aforementioned “teams” resorted to the creation of cross play. In short, it allows users without a VR device to play along with those who do have VR, in the same game. Adding an innovation like this, in combination with multiplayer, as well as the presence of its video games on various platforms such as Playstation and Switch, Onskull has managed to be a pioneer in the field.
Two years have passed since the start of Onskull. During these, the company managed to create 8 games (Escape First 1,2,3, Tales of Escape, Curious Cases, The experiment: An escape room, Escape 2088) and to sell a total of 300 thousand pieces. Also, through its expansion to other consoles other than Steam, it grew its market and gained many more users. At the same time, the company entered into agreements with entrepreneurs to get its video games in their VR arcades (VR equipment rental spaces / VR Cafes).
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Onskull’s video game production is based on computers and consoles. The themes of the video games mainly include 1) logic problems, such as escape rooms, where the player is asked to gather as much information as possible in a certain period of time to solve a mystery or to get out of a locked room, 2) adventure / horror video games, where under difficult conditions such as low brightness or unexpected events the player has to explore a specific area to reach his final destination. It is noteworthy that all video games are multiplayer and thus allow players to connect with either friends or strangers and interact together.
Game Developer with published games on PC, VR and Consoles
As the video game industry has shown rapid growth in recent years and as everything shows it will continue to do so at an even faster rate, one possible issue that is likely to affect OnSkull’s work is funding. Video games take a long time to make, with multiple people working for months or even years on a simple project, before reaping the rewards after the game is finished. OnSkull has managed to circumvent this problem with smaller production cycles and a smaller team, leading to shorter games with limited advertising budget. Longer games, however, are more popular with players, and a substantial marketing budget can help a game break a certain threshold in popularity, allowing it to go viral. Both can increase our market’s size significantly. In addition, a larger team could achieve concurrent release of a game in multiple platforms, effectively “combining” the release “hype” and increasing the effectiveness of our marketing. The company is currently at a stage that can scale faster if more is invested in games development and promotion.