Optaily develops and offers an innovative Digital Advertising Automation Technology solution.Digital advertising refers to all kinds of communication made by a company to advertise and promote its brand, product, or service using various platforms and digital channels. Marketers utilize these channels to communicate content to audiences of specific characteristics like location and demographics. Subsequently, marketers monitor the audience's actions to measure the promotion's performance based on specific in-product metrics (KPIs).This analysis is essential to the marketing decision-making process and is critical to each organization's marketing strategy as it indicates growth opportunities. This analysis incorporates a massive amount of data that the majority of the marketers handle manually using traditional spreadsheets or other static reporting tools.Hence, modern marketing organizations find themselves evaluating the quality aspects of promotions and making budget and strategy decisions based on time-consuming and prone-to-errors manual effort.
George Mavrodontis has a Master's degree from University of Portsmouth. He is the founder of AdCredible mobile advertising network and previously had managed online gaming publishing companies.Dimitris Styliaras holds the E.Engineer degree from the NTUA. He is the founder of the AdBiotics advertising agency with experience in handling top clients such as Uber, Yahoo, Twitter, and Symantec.Bob Zagas is the founder of AdRight native and pops advertising network that have served successfully most of the online betting platforms globally.Manolis Kypreos holds the E.Engineer degree from the NTUA. He has more than 15 years experience developing enterprise class solutions for organizations such as the Cosmote group.
While the Optaily solution still evolves, it is currently in production and serves two mobile advertising networks/agencies, transforming the way they operate.Important milestones:1) The AdCredible advertising network used Optaily in 2020 to win the trust and cooperation of Bytedance to promote the TikTok app in the UK and in Germany. Optaily processed thousands of events and traffic channels, protecting TikTok's budget by saving them more than 500k$ on advertising spend.2) The AdBiotics advertising agency used Optaily in 2021 as the key business point to win the business of Symantec to promote the Norton Secure VPN and Norton 360 apps. The Optaily optimizations automation is crucial in achieving the client's Performance and ROI goals.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Optaily brings innovation to the advertising industry by transforming traditional manual operations into automated ones efficiently. The above becomes possible by implementing multiple machine learning and problem-solving algorithms customized to each advertiser's needs. The majority of the existing solutions approach the issue unilaterally, either from an abstract and purely technical perspective, becoming impractical for the marketers, or from a purely marketing perspective losing the technical efficiency required to handle the fragmented digital advertising ecosystem.Optaily brings modern automation technology, structured and designed around the exact business processes that marketers currently use during a marketing campaign's lifecycle. Optaily focuses on today's Ad-tech ecosystem that requires help spotting the marketing interactions that add incremental value.
The Optaily solution takes advantage of state-of-the-art technology in AI and marketing decision-making technology. It gives marketers the tools to:- automatically build media plans based on historical data, - manage campaigns across multiple advertising channels, - optimize performance by near real-time KPIs evaluation, - and generate custom reports for better insights into their advertising promotions results.
We are in the pre-seed stage evaluating funding possibilities.