Innovation in Charging & Smart Energy Grids using Artificial Intelligence and Blockchain Technology
Optecharge is a smart energy management system for EVs and more. Our platform consists of a dashboard and mobile/web application and is an end-to-end solution for users, companies or government institutions that own EV/EV fleets and need to maximize their cost efficiency and manage their fleets. Our solution may cut down the initial cost for installing CPs, by optimizing the number of charging stations needed (CAPEX) and also decrease the cost of charging the EV by using smart charging algorithms (OPEX).
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
The team consists of researchers - doctoral students and we work very closely with the National Technical University of Athens. The team has strong research and professional experience in the field of software and systems engineering, entrepreneurship, as well as in business and marketing. Everyone, through their own experiences, participates enthusiastically in this new project.With studies in leading institutions in Greece and abroad, such as Imperial College London, the National Technical University of Athens, the National and Kapodistrian University of Athens and the London School of Economics, but also with scholarships from technology giants such as Google, Facebook, Amazon and Microsoft, fully support the very demanding work that is needed to make Optecharge a reality and to help Greece promote e-mobility.
Optechain was founded in August 2020 and is now registered in the national register of start-ups (Elevate Greece).We are a software company, based in Athens, which provides innovative, high-value, cloud-based B2B software solutions. At Optechain we are committed to using modern software development tools to deliver top-notch services and experiences to our clients, powered by state-of-the-art algorithmic techniques and machine learning. Our products are used by major companies in Greece and by thousands of people every day.Optechain, already a member of the dynamic ecosystem of Uni Systems’ partners is an innovative start-up and a strong market player.
Our products and services are widely used in the domestic market, as our clientele includes large organizations such as Vodafone, Public, MediaMarkt and others.The main reasons that the customers prefer us are the following:tOur solutions are fully adapted to each customer to offer targeted solutions to their own needs.tOur services are regularly upgraded and expanded.tWe follow the latest technology trend in all our services so that our customer is never left behind.tWe provide the appropriate support to resolve any issues easily and quickly.tWe have a dedicated support center and along with our network of partners we undertake the completion of each project from end to end with responsibility and consistency.
Our product is a SAAS (software as a service) which produces the most efficient and effective solution for the charging of electric vehicles while also ensuring that the power grid remains stable. Also, our product is plug and play with every existing charging infrastructure supporting OCPP. Our solution produces optimal energy management schemes and market participation strategies through a series of cutting-edge algorithms and modeling techniques developed by us and validated in various EU projects.
Currently we do not seek for funding. We recently secured funding through a major Greek company.