We are raising an additional 2 mil EUR to fund: (i) the manufacturing cost of our more mature product (ii) regulatory approval (iii) continue the prototyping for our less mature product (iv) develop our pilot micro-factory facility (v) staffing and operational expenses
Opto Immunosensors is commercializing various and complementary cutting-edge technologies for Point-of-Care antibody testing. Through collaborations with inventors both in Greece and abroad and the distribution power of our co-investor, Uni-Pharma, we are developing advanced solutions for "Connected Diagnostics". We focus on test kits for antibody testing with high reliability, easy and rapid usability, and competitive cost. Samples are collected with a finger prick or nasal swab. Results are provided through a smart device that quantifies an optical read-out from the sampling kit. We're he product development and its regulatory approval.
We are cooperating closely with our US-based partners and Uni-Pharma to certify and manufacture at exponential pace our first antibody test kit. Our team is expanding with a talented group of Athens-based scientific and business development officers are joining our team to realize the potential of our vision. We're the first commercial entity globally to bring the pioneering technology out of this US-based research team. It is a technology platform that delivers a gold-standard quantifiable result at a fraction of the cost and time needed by current rapid tests at the Point of Care. We believe this unique selling proposition will drive demand, as no such solution is practically available today for an hugely unaddressed need: knowing the level of your antibodies, as the best proxy for immunity, so as tomonitor immunity over time against any pathogen (e.g. currently any variant of COVID-19, but also other infectious diseases in the future)
The inventive step has to do with the combination of fast and reliable. Usually these two things do not come together, especially in In-Vitro Diagnostics. Our technology enabled by modern spotting technology at the nano scale, Artificial Intelligence, and advanced biochemistry can disrupt the current state of the art by adding expedience in a test that is currently reliably performed only in a lab setting and at much higher cost. The product is supported by a patent-pending invention and is highly scalable, as it relies on software, antigen production, and specialty papers.
A high-performance AI-assisted paper-based COVID-19 antibody test kit (Nanospot.ai Inc) has received regulatory approval and it has launched to the Greek.
Commercializing Connected Diagnostics for PoC Antibody Testing and continuous glucose monitoring.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Opto was established last January as a response to the need we predicted for reliable, affordable, and rapid mass-scale antibody testing for the COVID pandemic. We have screened dozens of potential technologies. We have invested a lot of time and money to develop one of them. After in-depth market research with critical suppliers we realized that the cost to develop the MVP (as well as the final product cost) would be prohibitive for a mass-scale product. So we pivoted modifying our original plan for a more realistic product/market fit and developing an alternative fund-raising plan for it. In parallel, we attracted an alternative technology that is more mature and can decrease the time and capital needed to reach the market. We have entered two tech-transfer relationships with NCSR Demokritos and a leading US research institution. We have received seed funding amounting to 266.600 EUR from Uni-Pharma, one of the leading Greek pharmaceuticals.