OSeven provides a state-of-the-art B2B2C/B2B solution for the recording and evaluation of driving behaviour data as well as insights, coaching, gamification features and loyalty schemes that motivate drivers to improve their driving behaviour. Indicatively, the OSeven solution includes:1) A device agnostic platform analyzing data from different data sources (e.g., smartphone sensors, OBDs, connected vehicles).2) A recording engine for smartphone telematics that ensures the optimum combination of recording accuracy and battery consumption.3) A set of signal processing and ML algorithms that can accurately determine all risk related driving behaviours / events (e.g., harsh accelerations / harsh brakes, speeding and mobile use).4) Driving behaviour scoring models that can accurately quantify the risk related with the driving behaviour of the users.5) Eco scoring models that can reliably quantify the eco components of the driving behaviour and determine the fuel consumption using only data from smartphone sensors.6) The most advanced toolkit of coaching features, gamification and loyalty schemes that motivate the users to improve their driving behaviour.7) A cloud-based, Big Data infrastructure that allows the efficient evaluation of data corresponding to millions of trips and ensures maximum scalability.9) A set of AI/ML algorithms that provide useful insights to the collected data (e.g., crash detection, spatiotemporal analysis, parking circulation time).
OSeven has already developed unique device-agnostic telematics technology and algorithms that allow the analysis of driving behaviour using raw data collected from different data sources, i.e., smartphone sensors, hardware devices (OBDs), connected vehicles. The OSeven offering has already been validated (i) against actual historic claims data proving that the OSeven Scoring Model can reliably identify the safe and eco drivers and (ii) proving that its gamification/loyalty features can lead to an improvement of driving behaviour up to 70% with a direct impact on insurance companies’ PnL.The OSeven Pay-How-You-Drive and Pay-Per-Mile solutions have already been adopted by global leading companies such as ERGO, AXA, Interamerican (part of Achmea Group), Generali, Helvetia Group, Fairfax Financial Holdings entities, Qatar Insurance Company, Renaissance Insurance, Daimler/Mercedes-Benz, Localiza-Hertz, UBER and many other. OSeven is currently present in more than 20 markets across Europe, US, Latin America, MENA, Asia-Pacificregions, establishing commercial and pilot agreements with some of the largest financial services and automotive groups there.
The OSeven solution combines world-class telematics of the highest accuracy and precision with pioneering gamification and rewarding schemes, the first of its kind in the global insurance industry, based on driving behaviour.OSeven’s novel solution enables companies to launch disruptive products in their markets to attract and retain the safest drivers, offering appealing insurance discounts as well as ongoing rewards based on advanced gamification and rewarding schemes including SafeMiles, our global trademark.OSeven has developed a device-agnostic cloud-based solution which integrates the following set of innovative modules: (i) a user-friendly mobile app (acting as the recording engine and the interface with the end-user, (ii) the O7SDK (Software Development Kit) that includes all the functionalities of the OSeven solution and it can be integrated in existing smartphone applications, (iii) a set of gamification and user engagement features, (iv) a state of the art backend infrastructure for Big Data analysis, (v) O7Portal as the tool for the visualisation of the metrics and scores, (vi) sophisticated Machine Learning algorithms, (vii) Scoring Models for the evaluation of the driving and eco behaviour, (viii) AI algorithms addressing several mobility, driving behaviour and road safety challenges e.g., spatiotemporal analysis, parking circulation time.
OSeven is a high-technology company and part of Endeavor Global network, backed by top tier investors. The company provides world class telematics solutions for insurance companies, banks, automotive, telco, leasing, and fleet management companies around the world. OSeven’s AI-enabled, cloud-based telematics solution utilizes data collected from multiple data sources, including smartphone sensors and automotive OEM APIs to assess the risk associated with driving behaviour and record the vehicle’s mileage, without requiring any hardware installation in the vehicle. By integrating OSeven’s technology and novel reward mechanisms into well-established ecosystems including existing insurance, banking, fintech, telco and automotive apps, insurance companies and their distribution partners can offer appealing insurance discounts and properly designed loyalty schemes to millions of app users who drive safely, enhancing their customer loyalty and achieving more than 40% claims costs reduction and up to 70% driving performance improvement. OSeven’s Usage-Based Insurance (UBI) solutions are trusted by multinational groups in the financial services and automotive industries, in more than 20 markets.
OSeven team has strong expertise in the fields of Transportation Engineering, Driving Behaviour Analysis, Road Safety, AI/ML, Big Data, Gamification, UI/UX, Business Development and Finance. The core members of the OSeven team are: V. Stivaktakis, MSc (CEO/Founder); P. Fortsakis, PhD (CRO/co-Founder); L. Liakopoulou, MSc (CDO/co-Founder); M. Georgatsos, MSc (Head of Growth); V. Isaias (CPO) and P. Poularakis (Head of Engineering).OSeven also works closely with the NTUA/NRSO (Road Safety Observatory) and specifically Prof. G. Yannis and Associate Prof. E. Vlahogianni. NRSO is ranked 2nd in Europe and 6th worldwide, having implemented research projects with budget >€100mn and Prof. Yannis has been recognized as one of the top scientific authors worldwide on Road Safety and Driving Behavior Analysis from leading scientific journals. Prof. Yannis is also chairing the Panel of Experts in the global road safety initiative “Together for Safer Roads” founded by multinational companies including Facebook, Walmart, Pepsico, Ericsson, AIG, IBM and other giants.OSeven’s growth strategy is based on: i) launch of new, data-driven insurtech products, ii) implementation of fully Embedded UBI projects in banking, telco, wallet apps, iii) integration with OEM APIs to offer the next generation of UBI projects for connected vehicles. iv) maintaining first-mover advantage in emerging markets v) strategic partnerships with leading insurance brokerage, re-insurance, fintech & insurtech companies.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
OSeven is heading towards becoming bootstrapped and is not looking for funding at this stage.
A driving behaviour analytics company providing AI solutions for financial & automotive industries.