OVIVEW platform provides a holistic bundle of services digitally transforming the recruitment process. Instead of screening CVs and cover letters, the recruiter receives standardised audio and video profiles to analyse. Innovative characteristics that truly stands out is the automation – straightforward recruitment process that eliminates the candidate’s chances to cheat, copy, et al.The last decade the digitalisation of recruitment process has surged. Interviews are held online optimising candidates’ selection and saving significant operating time. Several EU initiatives, adopted from the Greek government, promote the digital transformation in all institutions and enterprises nationwide. Alongside with the recent pandemic effects, digital recruitment is challenged and needed. OVIVIEW completes this gap by offering all-inclusive services to every recruiter such as public and private companies, institutions, governmental agencies, hospitals, etc. Its business model is scalable and cost-efficient capitalising the recent rising opportunities.
Professionals are able to pre-screen applicants through customised video pitches before an actual interview. It eliminates cost, time and distance. Oviview, which stands for Online Video Interview, is a truly innovative platform that delivers both convenience and effectiveness into the recruiting routine making the hiring process simpler, process-oriented and more efficient. Oviview offers the chance for easy and quick initial screening of candidates using cameras to record each interview while avoiding the need for simultaneous participation thus making the whole interviewing process objective and more effective.
Platform test with >30 companiesInterviewed > 8000 applicantsGraduated Accelerator of Founder Institute (US), 2015Winner of “John and Mary Pappajohn Business Plan Awards”, 2017Winner of "Organisational Entrepreneurship Global Entrepreneurship Award (OE GEA)", 2020Winner of "National Bank of Greece (NBG) Business Seeds", 2022
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Funds request: €350k.Fund allocation: Marketing & adv. (70%), OpEx (30%)
Professionals can pre-screen applicants through custom video-pitches before an actual interview!
OVIVIEW is a platform created by OVIVIEW Private Company. OVIVIEW was founded on December 2, 2014 and is based in Thessaloniki, Greece. OVIVIEW is focused on providing innovative services through applications and web platforms. The company was founded by Asterios Kritikos, a young Greek entrepreneur and is managed by an experienced, well-determined team. Our mission is to become the ultimate HR tool and our vision is to set high standards and new trends in Human Capital Management (HCM)The Team:- Asterios Kritikos: Founder & CEO, - Nikolaos Xourvouliadis: Partner & CFO, - Vasileios Soulios, Partner & CMO,- Giorgos Syropoulos, Partner & CTO, - Nikolaos Vouglaris: Partner,- Nikolaos Varveris: Sales Associate.
OVIVIEW platform offers to professionals the ability to pre-screen applicants through customised video pitches before an actual interview, thus eliminating cost, time, and distances. Each recruiter has absolute control over the interview structure while the interview can be fulfilled by the candidate at his convenience. OVIVIEW serves as a self-improvement platform which can advance preparation process for candidates. Quick scoring and sorting of candidates, is available through the candidate rating system that the platform supports. Recruiters can effortlessly share comments or insights on each interview. OVIVIEW also offers comprehensive reports that employers on the platform can utilise. As a COVID-19 solution, OVIVIEW offers many advantages to both recruiters and candidates. No need to travel for interviews at initial stages! No need for employers being in the same room for interviewing candidates! OVIVIEW Cloud platform is the perfect tool for interviews from distance!