A B2B online marketplace that connects travel professionals with Greece’s finest villa rentals
The Villable platform counts over 3500 users, 65% of which are brokers and 35% are villa managers. Villable has created a network of more than 200 villas and 250 brokers, while there are approximately 40 ongoing transactions with direct customers and 10 users with ad-hoc services, with payments of avg EUR 50.000 Finally, Villable has participated in various networking events in Greece, USA (New York & Los Angeles) and Israel (Tel Aviv), ensuring an active presence on the startup and innovation ecosystem.
Villable is a b2b online marketplace that connects travel professionals with Greece's finest holiday rentals. Exclusively designed for the needs of travel professions to book high end villas in minutes instead of days while growing their revenue and brand efficiently. Villable's goal is to save both villa managers and travel professionals time and eliminate manual labor therefore allowing focus on rental bookings.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Villable develops a set of tools and provides B2B solutions to professional brokers so that they can organize and manage their daily work routine efficiently and in the best way possible. This is one major differentiation point of the company’s services. At the moment, there are no similar tools or a system in the market that combines villa search services based on criteria set by clients and offer B2B solutions to brokers as per their needs at the same time.Our uniqueness is based on our targeting to serve professionals, as well as facilitating the promptness of communication, the transparency and finally the reliability that comes from transactions made through the platform. Our main features and competitive advantages are:-tDirect communication between brokers and villa managers-tReal-time monitoring of villas’ availability-tB2B tools and solutions for brokers-Online transaction
•Seed funding (€35,000for 6 month period): Specifically for the first 6 months we will need €23,400 for the salaries of the three main contributors who develop the business idea and €4400 to cover its operating expenses for participation in the project.A few trips to Mykonos where the pilot starts to find collaborations and register villas (amounting to €1200).To start the company (legal, accounting and tax expenses) we will need about €1500. The remaining €4,500 will be used for various operating expenses (travel, meetings w/ early customers, etc.), logo, cards, etc.•Start-up (€80,000 up to the 12th month): The next 6 months we will need €23,400 for the salaries of the 3 main contributors who develop the business idea and €4400 to cover their operating expenses.At the same time, €50,000 will be given for the development of the website and the platform - software with all the basic features and functions. The remaining €10,000 - allocated for promotion activities of the tools in order to obtain information for its further improvement.•Development (funding €95,000. Up to the 18th month): At this stage for the next 6 months we will need €39,000 for the salaries of four members and one employee of the business team who develop the business idea. €18,000 will be given for the release of the final product. Additional €17,000 will be allocated for tool promotionspecifically targeting customers of interest. Lastly €20,000 towards office rent & equipment.
Efthimios Tsagalis (Financial Director/CEO): Experienced CEO with proven business activities and traction in luxury tourism (Founder of Ideal Mykonos). He studied Informatics, specializing in application development. He is an expert on real estate in Mykonos with deep knowledge of: luxury goods, sales, rentals and transactions in real estate and investment properties. Elina Rabiyeva (COO): Experienced in real estate (participated in Ideal Mykonos), holding a degree in Psychology. She is experienced in client management with high standards, requirements and needs in USA. She has strong communication, organization and content creation skills, while she’s multicultural and a polyglot.Miklovan Thanasi (CTO): Senior Developer, highly experienced in all stages of product development. He holds a degree in Informatics & Mass Media with an orientation of website programming. Specialization in Java & PHP and experience on ecommerce, CMS, Propel, MySQL, CSS, HTML, digital marketing & SEO.