Argo Semi has been founded by a team of industry professionals with long experience in the semiconductor industry and the antenna industry, both at the engineering/product development domain and the business development. The core team is formed by old colleagues from Broadcom, one of the largest semiconductors companies in the world with specialty on communications circuits, they have developed products that collectively have been sold in billions of units and they hold tenths of patents. Presently, ArgoSemi’s team of about 25 people, including either employees or long-term outsource engineers, has senior and talented junior engineers, about half of them holding a PhD degree and most of the remaining ones holding an MSc degree. The executive team has rich experience on the exit process.
Argo Semi is seeking series A funding in order to:• Bring infrastructure chip to market• Commercialize antenna product• Scale the team to drive growth
Fabless semiconductor company offering RF silicon and antenna solutions for 5G sub-6GHz.
Argo Semiconductors was founded in 2021 by a group of semiconductors and antenna professionals that have built and brought to the market numerous successful RFIC products and antenna products. Argo Semi’s vision is to deliver RF and antenna technologies that will make the modern cellular radios more accessible to large and needy populations, such as in India and Africa.Argo Semi has developed unique solutions that allow substantial cost savings for 5G Radio Units and it has established relations with tier-1 semiconductor providers and operators. Presently, it is looking for Series A financing, primarily for covering silicon tape-out costs and the company growth.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Argo Semi collaborates with tier-1 semiconductor companies that wish to exploit the Open Radio Access Network (ORAN) and penetrate the cellular market. Argo Semi has in-house developed sub-6GHz silicon RF technology that can be used for RFIC complements of these tier-1 semiconductor companies. Furthermore, Argo Semi has launched its second generation of the pioneering printed circuit antenna array product. The above have been achieved while the company operates in a self-financed mode.
ArgoSemi has developed silicon and antenna technologies that allow the decoupling of the number of data processing chains in a sub-6GHz radio from the number of the antenna elements attached to these chains. Consequently, a smaller number of data processing chains can be traded for antenna arrays with a larger number of antenna elements. Part of this solution is a true 2-dimensional antenna panel for the 3.5GHz band that relies on low cost Printed Circuit Board (PCB) manufacturing, as opposed to 3D structures requiring expensive customized manufacturing used by the competition. The value to the end-user is the flexibility to control the trade-off of coverage-vs-capacity in the deployment, allowing substantial cost savings.
The solution offered by ArgoSemi is enabled by multiple innovative elements, such as embedded active splitter/combiners, innovative antennas for massive MIMO, as well as the small cell, distributed beamforming techniques and digital intensive RF architectures. ArgoSemi is possessing an expanding patent portfolio, presently including one granted patent and five pending ones. Our patent portfolio creates a barrier-to-entry for the competition and allows our company to pursue its objective, that is, to trade unneeded performance to achieve a substantial cost reduction. Our unique proposition has already attracted the attention of large potential customers, primarily in the APAC geographical area.