Our Main goal is to expand to the US Market because it is more mature and more open to such innovations. Doing sales and support there is a task we cannot support right now. We ask for funding of 1Meuros in order achieve our goals.
Nov 2018: Parkingstream was admitted at OrangeGrove a Greek-Dutch incubator April 2019: First Pilot project installed! June 2019: Filled our US PAtent Oct 2019: Parkingstrem is one of the 3 selected startups to join the innovation session of the American National Parking Association! Came and join us! July 2020: Filed our first PCT/ International Patent Application October 2020: Funding approved from NSRF/ΕΣΠΑ (2014-2020) / 260.000euros
Parking control and enforcement is one of the few tasks in our every day life that requires the use of human resources. If we assume that in the future labor tedious works will dissapear then in the future an error prone activity like parking control will also become fully automated. The existing solutions for parking control and enforcement require either the use of human resources (expensive) or the use of one camera per parking spot (big overhead) . We do the same with ony one camera per street and this is why we believe we have the best solution in the market. Key advantage of our system is that it scales linearly with the number of street numbers we control. Our solution is patent pending
Parking finding and parking control & enforcement is a multi-dimensional problem that concerns both drivers and the cities.Parking finding not only stresses drivers but also contributes up to 30% to the total city traffic and increases air and sound pollution proportionally.On the other hand with parking control & enforcement today, cities need to make sure there is a constant availability of parking spots 1) in front of the local stores in order to help the local trade b) in all residential neighborhoods in order to ease local residents' parking quests.At the same time cities need to fight illegal parking and also maximize their parking income from out of town visitors in order to balance their city budget. The cities in order to meet those challenges typically invest in hiring teams of parking officers cruising the city, a rather expensive, inflexible and inefficient process.In the era of industry 4.0 and of automation unfortunately today's parking problem are solved manually and require many manhours .
We use computer vision and Automatic Licence Plate Recognition techniques in order to help cities fully automate their on-street parking control and enforcement tasks and help them manage efficiently their parking resources. At Parkingstream, by registering -at street level- the vehicles’ entrance and exit times for each city block/street, we can identify the parked vehicles and calculate their parking time. This info is correlated with the electronic payments data and in case of a mismatch an e-citation is issued. Like that Parkingstream can help cities eliminate their parking enforcement expenses and at the same time maximize their parking revenue. The services we provide are: Street parking availability detection, Parking payment, Automatic parking control and enforcement, street traffic light tuning based on traffic and real flow, street traffic light warning/activation for pedestrian notification, stolen vehicle finding, city vehicle traffic, delivery/supply vehicle tracking
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Christos Pateropoulos, CEO: Typical example of Brain gain, Electrical Engineer with 18 years of working experience aboad in big international Tech companies. Elena Pateropoulou, CSO/CMO: The Sales Wizard. CEO of Inforex S.A., a Greek forex data provider that managed not only to survive through the Greek crises but also to grow. Luca Lamberti, CTO: The geek. Electrical Engineer, based in Roma, Italy he is our networking and IoT expert with big experience in engineering projects. Spyros is our Electronics gourou and Charis is deaing with all app and backed software design