As B2B solution provider we offer our clients the following:1. Open Finance : - We empower financial institutions to expose their internal functionality as secured APIs. In Europe this is mandatory for all banks under the PSD2 directive. In the rest of the world is mostly market driven.- In addition, we help them consume available APIs from the financial ecosystem and thrive in the open banking revolutions.2. Account to Account Payments: - We offer financial institution the ability to connect to worldwide payment rails and manage multiple payment instruments like Instant Payments, ISO20022 compliance, Credit Transfers,Direct Debits etc. Our Payment HUB is powered by AI/ML and delivers seamlessly every function a modern bank needs to reduce risk, exploit business opportunities and ride the ISO20022 revolution.
We have more than 65 clients, in more than 23 countries with 65% of our revenue being recurring. Among our clients are the largest financial institutions in the world.
We plan to raise 5m Euros, to accelerate growth in our world expansion.
PaymentComponents is B2B solution provider in payments & open finance for the Digital Transformation of the Financial industry.We provide open software components in payments, and open finance, powered by AI, that transform financial industry.Our solutions are the necessary ingredients for more than 65 Banks and Financial Institutions spread across 23 countries, to help them innovate and become digital champions.
PaymentComponents is a global B2B solution provider for the Financial Industry
Our componetised banking approach enables financial institutions to act fast and react to market opportunities with agility. In addition our products respond to global needs and that is proven by the fact that the biggest financial institutions (including JPMorgan, Citi, Credit Suisse, Banco Do Brasil, NEC, IBM etc.) are our clients.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
The company has 10 software engineers s and 7 in marketing and leadership. All eployees have a deep exeprtise on the subject matter and thus we swiftly respond to global needs of the financial industry.We have onboarded 10 resellers worldwide that we plan to grow them even further.