Seeking “Round A” funding (8.4 M Euro) to expand current production capacity and build a scale-up plant that will meet the demands of our customers.
The company is set to produce novel high-performance photocatalytic materials, in powder and solution form, activated under the influence of solar and/or artificial (indoor) lighting. The company products are proved most effective both, on improving indoor/outdoor air quality (Indoor lecture treaters/meeting Halls, Hotels, Convention Centers, Schools, Universities, etc.) and on the disinfection of Bacteria, Viruses, Phages at health-sensitive areas (Sewage treatment plants, Health Centers, Hospitals, Hotels, Restaurants, Retirement Homes, etc.)
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Novel anti-bacteria/anti-virus and depolluting photo-catalytic coating powders and solutions
Photo-Catalytic Nano Materials” ΙΚΕ is a spin-off company of the Foundation for Research and Technology Hellas (FORTH) based in Heraklion, Crete.Designed to leverage the research results of the Institute of Electronic Structure and Laser, and in particular a series of patents on innovative photocatalytic (PC) nano-materials (powders and solutions) that degrade gaseous and liquid pollutants, purify waste, disrupt polluting and toxic substances odors and degrade pathogens (bacteria/viruses).
More than 20 publications in Int. Scientific journals. Patents in Europe (17 countries) and China. Validation have been made on Building envelop materials such as interior paints, cement tiles, air-blowers and fabrics (i.e. cotton/ synthetic tapestries, carpets, curtains) as well as metal surfaces such as SS and Aluminum. The company has been awarded the "2020 Building Materials" GOLD medal in the Category of "Advanced Materials" and the GOLD 2021 medal at the 4th Hellenic Innovation Forum Awards (HIFA 2021) competition in the category “Business model-start-ups”.
At present, a range of eco-friendly innovative PC materials have been developed tailor-made for various applications related to the construction sector (Building envelope materials, tunnels, central air-conditioning systems, etc), health-care sector (Medical uniforms, etc) and services sector (Hotels). Extensive tests by independent National and International bodies following international standards ( ISO 22196 / CEN/TS 16980.01:2018 / AATCC 100− 2004) have shown enhanced de-pollution functionalities (>85%) and strong disinfection properties (>99.99%).
A competent team combining a strong academic and research background (more than 30 years’ experience on developing novel photocatalytic materials of high efficacy on disinfection and depollution processes, contributing to indoor quality of life, with small environmental footprint) and a strong business development background (more than twenty years’ experience on Industrial Business Development in Industrial Minerals business: Resources Evaluation and Development, Joint Ventures, Co-specialization alliances, Business Development, Business in China and India, M&As, etc)