Health-related wearable technologies are still in their infancy (particularly in relation to neurological conditions). PD Neurotechnology’s (PDN) is thus a sector leader, with its multi-sensor approach and system architecture that, unlike its competitors, monitors all Parkinson’s Disease (PD) symptoms, in a continuous, user friendly and actionable manner, allowing for prompt staging support and treatment optimization. PDN’s product pipeline includes PDMonitor® II and special variations for advanced treatment options, while plans are made for other CNS conditions and 2 commercial products.PDMonitor® targets 3 market segments: Private patients/ Hospitals, Healthcare Maintenance Organizations (HMOs), Pharmaceutical and Medical Device companies.Private patients are driving early revenues. Following the successful launch of PDMonitor® in Greece and the rest of Europe, private sales are forecasted in Germany, Sweden, Cyrpus, Spain, UK & Ireland and Italy in first half of 2021.The process to achieve sales to HMOs and getting reimbursement varies by territory and necessitates: 1) Improved QoL and clinical outcomes; or 2) Cost effectiveness. Part of this is already adequately advocated, following early clinical trials and expert options. New clinical trials are generating additional evidence to support reimbursement. Depending on the country, local trials and demos may be fully funded. Marketing Campaigns will raise product awareness among KOLs, physicians and patients.
The business is at an inflection point in terms of growth and has just secured 1.5m eur Series A funding. Next financing steps include the identification of an experienced financial investor, most likely US focused, who can understand PD Neurotechnology’s sector, strategy and market position and support its expansion, enabling the company to gain global exposure, maximizing their innovative technology value.Existing and future funds will be used for Working capital to deal with the delay in production, commercialization and clinical trials caused by the Covid 19 pandemic. They will also cover part of the cost for PDN’s R&D pipeline.
PD Neurotechnology® (PDN) is an award - winning, high-tech medical device company founded in London, UK, with R&D, Production, Technical Support, Medical Trials and Distribution units located in Ioannina, Greece. In Athens, PDN operates the sales/marketing services. Its product lines include but are not limited to medical devices, sensors and software for the monitoring, diagnosis and treatment of patients suffering from Parkinson’s Disease (PD) and other movement disorders. PDN implements and maintains a quality management system according to ISO 9001:2015, an information security management system according to ISO 27001:2013 and a quality management system for research, development, production, distribution, sales, marketing, scientific and technical support of products related to medical technology, according to ISO 13485:2016. All audits were performed by DQS Med and DQS Hellas.PDN’s first product, the PDMonitor®, was certified with a medical CE Class IIa by DQS Med in June 2019.
Following PDMonitor’s® launch in Greece (September 2020), PD Neurotechnology® has already achieved private patient and hospital traction in Europe G5 and Sweden, Ireland and Cyprus. PDMonitor® has been embraced by 80 certified physicians (as of 15/05/2021) across EMEA and the US, actively advocating PDMonitor® to their patients. Major Pharmaceutical and Medical Device companies are in advanced discussions for a collaboration with PDN.PDN has established a distribution network in EMEA, while next step is the FDA clearance to enable sales in the US.Reimbursement efforts are in progress in the UK, Germany, France, the Netherlands, Spain, Italy, Russia and the US. PDMonitor® enables a paradigm shift in PD treatment, with the active participation of the patient and the caregiver leading to a proactive and personalized data and healthcare delivery, and the efficient involvement of all ecosystem actors (treating physician, caregiver, nurse, etc.) in his everyday life.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
PD Neurotechnology® (PDN) is a high-tech company founded in London, UK
Parkinson's Disease (PD) is a major cause of disability. Patient’s quality of life and disease progression depend on consistent and prompt assessment of motor complications and optimal timing & dosing of treatment, currently based on subjective diaries and routine visits to the treating physician. Treatment is often delayed and non-optimal, leading to rapid symptom and Quality of Life (QoL) deterioration, lost days from work, falls, hospital stays, high mortality, time spent to travel and wait in the clinic and increased cost for the Healthcare System. PDMonitor® is used by the patient to enable an accurate, home/work based, continuous motor symptom evaluation, coupled with information on lifestyle and drug adherence. The Mobile App allows the patient to register required information about his/her individual situation like medication intake, nutrition, activities of the day and about his/her subjective feeling (free text and/or multiple choice).The patient also has access to an analysis about his/her current health status. The healthcare provider (treating physician/nurse) has a complete understanding of the patient status and disease stage and progress through the Physician tool, which is a web-based tool allowing the treating physician to modify the treatment in an optimal way, which is communicated to the patient and caregiver.This tool also allows for patient grouping of the treating physician who manages the treatment of several patients in a timely and efficient manner.
PDMonitor® is a non-invasive continuous monitoring system to be used by patients with Parkinson's Disease (PD), with the consultation of their attending physician.The system consists of:> a set of five (5) wearable monitoring devices,> a mobile application, which enables patients/caregivers to record medication, nutrition and non-motor status information as complementary information for the motor symptom assessment, and> a physician tool, which graphically presents to the physician patient movement and patientrelated information.The physician tool reports are at the disposal and judgement of the attending physician and could allow for a better and objective assessment and understanding of the patient’s PD symptoms.The PDMonitor® system can be used at any stage of the disease after its initial diagnosis and when the patients are under medical treatment.Three actors compose the PDMonitor® user ecosystem:> patients being at any stage of the disease,> caregivers – formal (nurses, volunteers) or informal (relatives, family, volunteers) – appointed for specific patients,> physicians (medical doctors – Neurologists experts in movement disorders or Neurologists or General Practitioners trained to interpret PDMonitor® reports).