Our objective at Perceptual Robotics is to make complex processes simple, predictable and efficient by maximising the use of intelligent robotics in industry.The first target market for Perceptual Robotics is large infrastructure inspections. Perceptual Robotics is developing drones, computer vision algorithms and cloud based systems for the autonomous detection and analysis of faults on large infrastructure.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Creating intelligent automation for wind turbine inspections and more.
Perceptual Robotics has attracted interest across the market, with recurrent engagements from the largest customers with 10x revenue since last year's initial paid trials and with early engagements with key potential customers.
Our first product line Dhalion, is an industry leading autonomous solution for wind turbine inspection. Dhalion brings full end to end inspection capabilities to the market, from autonomous drone data acquisition to machine learning defect identification and cloud based asset management. Our drones are expert inspectors that can ensure every part of the wind turbine turbine is seen, and analysed for defects, providing a comprehensive report of wind turbine health. The target customers are existing teams, who will be able to use the system as a tool, without extensive training or piloting skills.
This round we are raising £1.5M to support regional sales expansion, enhance our existing offerings and expand vertically in the wind energy market. We will be raising a further funding to expand into the wind energy market and a further round to transfer the underlying technology to adjacent markets and applications once wind energy solution has been proved.
Competitors are using piloted systems to quickly inspect infrastructure and then spending a great deal of time reviewing the captured data. Our approach ties together the acquisition and analysis to make every part of the process automatic. This is accomplished by the unique combination of patent pending technologies leveraging the aerial systems’ sensors for the computer vision problem of defect detection.
The founding team has vast experience around developing, operating and commercialising drones as we all the technology sector. In addition, we have an operations, sales and development team ready to deliver on our targets and provide all the innovation we need in robotics, ai and cloud.