We are looking for a total amount of 200k € in order to accomplish our main goals of entering the eCommerce market using low-volume revenue targets.
In an era, where electronic shops begin to thrive, due to the efficiency, variety, and product feedback, there are still products and services for which simple static images or 360-degree rotating photos cannot convey their full qualities. This is especially true for physical goods, where online, immersive customization is an integral part of the sale through a digital channel to a private end user. Providing the freedom to accurately explore a range of products significantly bolsters the assurance of the client when performing an online purchase and raises the satisfaction rate of the delivered products or services. Thus, this translates to an immediate return benefit in the form of increased sales, while also affecting the reliability and online image of the business. Furthermore, engaging the visitor with an impressive and intuitive product presentation can lead to higher customer product education and engagement as well as website retention rate, in general. Phasmatic has created Phasma3D, the first adaptive web-based photorealistic rendering solution using programmable ray tracing technology, offering the accurate 3D visualization of products for previewing and customization purposes. Phasma3D aims at putting 3D content on the web easily and everywhere with a few lines of HTML code. We primarily target the typical use-case scenario of client-side visualization, but further, allow more practical applications such as Virtual & Augmented Reality (VR/AR) support.
Phasmatic offers engaging visual user experiences with 3D photorealistic rendering for the eCommerce
Phasmatic brings together 2 post-doctoral researchers (A. Gkaravelis, A. Vasilakis), 1 doctoral student (N. Vitsas), and 1 faculty member (G. Papaioannou), all associated with the AUEB Computer Graphics Group, the leading research team in Greece in 3D visualization. It is well balanced in terms of the distribution among research, development, evaluation, and exploitation activities having successfully assisted in the coordination and implementation of several projects in 3D graphics engines and software visualization tools . This makes them the ideal candidates to take future leadership and realize the commercial outcome of 3D visuals in the metaverse.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
The Company: Phasmatic™ was founded in 2022 and is a 3D graphics-focused company located in Corfu & Athens, Greece. Our team members have previously worked in academia, research centers, serious & VR games, and semiconductor industries. Our mission is to develop world-leading software solutions to enrich visual user experiences with cutting-edge 3D photorealistic rendering technology.The Product: Phasma3D™ was developed as a result of more than 6 years of intense R&D in the Computer Graphics Group of AUEB aiming to be the best SaaS tool for 3D product visualization & marketing content generation on the web.The Technology: WebRays™ is the first generic ray-intersection API for the Web. Ray tracing is the baseline for high-fidelity visualization on games & movies and our vision is to bring this level of quality to the eCommerce, Augmented Reality and the Metaverse.
Phasmatic offers a shift from “just convincing” 3D content presentation to “properly realistic” interactive 3D shopping experiences through novel web-based visualization technology. The heart of the 3D visualization engine is the revolutionary proprietary ray tracing technology, developed over the past few years at the premises of AUEB, with the financial support of national funding resources and industry grants. The eCommerce market is just the start and we think even bigger! The adaptability and flexibility of our technology can fill a large gap in online services where the visual fidelity of 3D content is paramount covering cases from showcasing NFT 3D assets to exploring virtual worlds into the metaverse.
Achievements:[05/2020] An use case of Phasmatic's novel technology was presented at the leading computer graphics conference Eurographics 2020.[05/2021] 1st prize at the Ennovation 2020 competition (The Research & Technology Innovation category)[06/2021] Joined ACEin incubator.[08/2021] Published chapter in the Ray Tracing Gems 2 from Nvidia/Apress, presenting the technology behind our product.[05/2022] 1st prize at the XR Cosmos 2022 competition.[05/2022] MITEF 2022 semifinalists.[10/2022] Incorporation done.[10/2022] Sign our first customers.[01/2023] Joined the Athens Startup Business incubator.(Pre-commercialization) Funding:[2018-2019] PhD Fellowship Grant by Hellenic Foundation for Research and Innovation.[2020-2021] NSRF Scholarship: Supporting researchers with emphasis on young researchers.[03/2021] 20,000.00$ awarded from Epic Games, as part of their Epic MegaGrants program.[05/2021] 2,500.00€ awarded from Ennovation 2020 competition.