PHEE is a cleantech and material science company specialized in the development & production of biocomposite materials using a patented -low-energy consumption- manufacturing process.PHEE's technology is being utilized for upcycling different types of bio-residues ,that remain unexploited and currently are being landfilled, as filler for the production of bio-based composites which consist off a more natural & healthier alternative for traditionally engineered materials.Company is founded with a clear vision of giving, through materials science, a second life to all of this resources that humanity considers off waste for developing the raw-materials of tomorrow following a circular economy approach!PHEE's first material is PHEE Board. A decorative surface, with a certified 60% bio-based content in his composition, that is being produced by upcycling seagrass Posidonia Oceanica residues washed up annually in Mediterranean coastal lines.However PHEE’s team after two years of research and development hasbrought those leaves back to life, being the first company worldwide to fully utilize them as a filler to composites industry. It's commercial applications are on end products industry as long as on Furniture, Lighting & Interior design(wall coverings) industry.
Our business & financial plan is being available only after written interest.
PHEE's team is inspired by the nature and abundance of washed-up leaves of seagrass (Posidonia Oceanica) across Mediterranean coastal lines and visioned to bring those leaves back to life by inventing a new bio based material and an unconventional manufacturing technology that enables to produce it massively with the lowest enviromental impact.PHEE is focused on upcycling the dead leaves & particulate matter of seagrass Posidonia Oceanica (PO) as a filler material and reinforcement for the production of bio-based decorative laminates.Phee’s first commercially scaled material called PHEE Board is finding applications to the following industries:-Gift & Lifestyle Products -HORECA supplies-Premium Packaging Applications -Eyewear industry-Interior design & architecture applications Last but not least, PHEE's patented technology is being used for upcycling other natural fibers & leaves.
Our value proposition is being described below:1.Our bio-based composites are safer and natural alternatives for traditionally engineered fossil-fuel based materials for different industries.2.Our patented manufacturing process is using advanced technologies for moulds thermal heating which are zero waste and have extremely low-energy need.3.The machinery development ,is being made internally, and this results: a. Low capital needs for increasing(scaling) our production capabilityb. Operations efficiency. Moreover because the production machinery is modular we are capable of producing various panel sizes, thicknesses as well as deliver different surface finishes.4.Our patented manufacturing technology is compatible with different types of natural fillers giving us the opportunity to develop ,new bio-based materials, based on the markets needs. 5.Last but not least PHEE's composites are offering recyclability opportunities making our value chain Cradle to CradleEnvironmental impact of our business activity:1.Our proposed solution increases bioeconomy and decreases the amount of waste ended-up to landfills offering C02 emissions decrease and save of public money for the municipalities.2.The PO residues are not produced by agricultural or forestry processes and is therefore not in competition for land space with food production. 3.PO residues are washed up to coastal areas with zero-energy consumption .
Traction:-Established commercial collaborations with Four Seasons Hotels & Resorts and Marriott International-Establish a network of retailers in Greece and Europe. -Designed & Developed corporate gifting solutions with Coca-Cola, Frapport Greece etc.Achievements:-Member of the consortium of PHRESCO project funded by EPANEK Special Actions AQUACULTURE – INDUSTRIAL MATERIALS – OPEN INNOVATION IN CULTURE-Listed on Forbes 30U30 Europe 2018 Industry list-Member of Angelopoulos 100 Fellowship program-Winners of Venture Impact Award 2020 held by The Hellenic Initiative-Winners of Stelios Award for young Greek Entrepreneurs 2019
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
PHEE is a cleantech and material science company specialized in the production of bio composites.
1.Stavros Tsompanidis is a 27 years old serial entrepreneur based in Greece. Stavros received his bachelor of science (BSc) in Finance & Banking Management from University of Piraeus, Greece. Stavros is founder and leads PHEE company for several years. His responsibilities are overarching; fundraising, partnership creation, sales management, and marketing campaigning, together with the development of new sustainable products.2.Dr.Nikolaos Athanasopoulos received his Diploma degree in Mechanical & Aeronautics Engineering from the University of Patras in 2006. In 2013,he received his PhD from the University of Patras, in Advanced Composite Materials, and he is co-founder of PHEE company and responsible for the materials’ development and production. His research interests lie in the field of composite materials and manufacturing, heat transfer in anisotropic media and multi-physics modelling. He has published his work in 18 peer-reviewed journals and 3 patents, regarding composites.