Pixel Reign is a game development studio, located in Athens
Pixel Reign founded by two game veterans, a game developer/designer and a music composer/sound designer, is guided by a solid understanding of how game industry works and consequently, how to produce high quality game experiences. Even from our first title, Robbie Swifthand and the Orbs of Mysteries, highly polished gameplay was enhanced with culturally storytelling elements and thanks to that, we won more than five international distinctions and managed to receive funding. Video game industry is a fast-growing industry with new products, new trends and new technological solutions emerging every year. An already established network of partners and collaborators across the globe, keeps us in the front line, providing us with day-to-day feedback about the current trends of the market.In the field of the game development, most important asset is human capital and over the last year the company has systematically invested in expanding its forces in order to achieve even greater results.
2018: raised 100.000 funding from Yarrow Capital2018: Featured in United Berlin2018: Finalist at the Nordic Game Discovery Contest2018: Indie Game Cap Finalist2018-2019: Published Robbie Swifthand and the Orbs of Mysteries worldwide, in Steam, PS4, Nintendo Switch, WeGame (China)2020: Featured in United Now 20202020: Established partnership with Lightneer, a game studio based in Helsinki, Finland2020: Grew in numbers
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Video games are by default technological innovative. Even so, Pixel Reign has already proved that a seamless gaming experience demands innovative thinking and high-level technical/ programming skills. Even from our first title, we managed to introduce new tools and customized real game assets and got invited at Unity\'s Unite Training day (2018) to educate professionals and young game developers. During our new project we use 3D pixel painted graphics and a customized lightning system using combination of Custom Shaders, Textures, Modified GBuffer and a Custom Deferred Renderer, that will provide a fresh and innovative look to our new game. In just two years of operation we managed to grow from a three-person studio to a five-person studio, employing two artists (a 3D and a concept artist). In terms of human capital, our main goal is to hire specialized/top talent professionals in order to expand our business (developing bigger projects and grow our B2B network through outsourced projects in other areas like game-based learning).
-Nick Larin: Co-Founder, Lead developer/Game Designer. With more than ten years of professional experience (Aventurine, Toka Loka games etc)- Vicky Fysika: Co-Founder,Music composer/sound designer. She has worked both in the movies and games industry (Aventurine, Toka Loka games etc)- Pavlos Gounaris: 3D artist/Animator
We are an indie game dev studio, located in Athens, Greece.Our company was founded in 2018, but we have more than a decade of professional experience in video game dev. Darkfall Online, Goo Saga are some of the titles we’ve worked on in the past until we decided to create something of our own. Pixel Reign is our shared vision, a studio dedicated not just to developing games, but to explore new ideas and create game worlds for everyone.Pixel Reign is the studio behind Robbie Swifthand and the Orb of Mysteries
We are looking for partners to believe in our new project Darkverse , a FPS Sci-Fi roguelite game