We established the company in 2019. The completion of our business plan based on the Titan Hospitality Approach's innovative concept came shortly after.Our product development team created the Blue Titan Care shield that embeds three different hospitality areas that we either connect or develop separately.Our IT department and the Management team started the data collection process for digital inventory, giving crucial solutions in the hospitality department, general and customized.Website DevelopmentBusiness DevelopmentWe build our team of professionals coming from every field of the travel industry.We became operational in summer 2020, in the middle of the pandemic.After working with international CM's and PMS's and making a thorough analysis of information systems, we saw the problems. We decided to proceed with the development of our management tool.
The Titan Hospitality Approach connects the location to the accommodation, the experiences, and the services in our areas of interest. It is founded on identifying and profiling the locations and accommodations, thus categorizing them according to characteristics. This unique and fun Approach to tourism promotes regional development, clarifies the current infrastructure, recognizes the local market's needs, gives insights on growth and digitalization through technological advancements, and is easy to convert information to income.Furthermore, to connect the Approach and make life easier, we are developing a multi-management tool that combines a channel manager and a property management system, including website development that is customizable and flexible, using new technologies such as Blockchain and IoT. In the future, we plan to develop our BOT, based on AI, for the website and Titan App and a customized search engine.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Blue Titans Hospitality is a team of dedicated, tourism-loving, solution-finding, and breakthrough freaks that have been working hard to tend to every traveler’s exceptional needs.We believe in sustainability, environmental consciousness, and a greener planet to call home. We also believe in culture, arts, food, sports, and everything that puts a smile on the face, warmth in the heart, and food for the mind.We also believe in safety, security, and well-being with high-quality services, and we are great fans and followers of values such as integrity, transparency, and ethics.So, whether you are an environmentalist, a solo traveler, or a solo-train traveler, maybe a culture-lover, a hiker, a diver, the helicopter-type, an experience seeker, a family guy, a foodie, a hoodie, a tech geek, or a bleisure person, a honeymooner or baby boomer, a fun-lover or a change-the-world type, or perhaps a loner, you can find your dream vacation rental on our website.And we are great fans and followers of values such as integrity, transparency, and ethics.
There are 151.082 rental homes, from which 121.287 are available for rent (2018). The offer for these available homes is 14.089.003 nights, from which the demand was 7.397.691 nights. The total income was 1.080.964.132€. The Occupancy was 53%. The market share of our defined areas of operations is 34.1% of the total number of arrivals. One of our most valuable assets involves the culinary experiences packages. We believe that a new startup could successfully grab a 10% market share in the first year under normal conditions. Although this may be aggressive in mature markets, it is highly achievable in the culinary tourism market since the demand is believed to exceed supply. Also, we are entering the market based on differentiated product offerings, conceived through feedback from industry experts and tourists themselves, a 10% market share is believed to be highly feasible.Our target group mainly consists of adults from age 25 to 50+ with medium to high budgets, such as adventure tourists, foodies, leisure tourists, business and religious tourists, and health or medical tourists from around the world interested in visiting Greece. Safety and cleanliness, amenities, communication, and personalized services are on the top of their list.Our Blue Titans Care shield that encloses all those factors- care, generosity, and courtesy, is communicated through our website, social media, and other distribution channels. Blue Titans Hospitality's prices rank middle to high in the market
Blue Titans Hospitality is already offering innovation in the hospitality sector by connecting B2B and B2C services. By putting our accumulated knowledge to work, we are now working on a technical solution for managing these services. Our IT experts and management teams with extensive experience in the field are building a Channel Manager and a Property Management System customized for the Greek market, more flexible, more technologically advanced, more accurate. Flexibility in working with information means responsive websites and actions, thus conversions.We see the bug; we correct it and solve problems that all property managers have encountered with technologically advanced software.
Lefteris Eleftheriadis Concept Creator / Managing DirectorGeorgia Pilpilidou Concept Creator & Business Architect / Brand ManagerVasilis Paganopoulos Business Analysis & DevelopmentParaskevi Harbi Office ManagerSavvas Kefalas IT DevelopmentIraklis Aslanidis Digital Marketing and IT DevelopmentKostas Karagiannis Graphic Designer
P&F is already offering innovation in the hospitality sector by connecting B2B and B2C services