planO2 development is based on the company evolution. The company is continuously evolving its portfolio of products/services as well as expanding its list of collaborators. Our approach of collaborating and validating new services within a diverse set of funding frameworks/ initiatives creates new business opportunities to be exploited and assists us in addressing the continuously emerging needs coming from the market. Our approach is based on the opportunities that each market presents, as well as on already established synergies. We reach one market at a time, ensuring the highest value for our offerings and we scale up by building and harnessing on mutual valuable strategic collaborations. Until now we managed to secure the necessary funding through different finance frameworks and private customers ensuring a steady cashflow supporting our strategic planning and operations. However, we always welcome any new projects and collaboration opportunities in a win-win development curve
planO2 was founded in 2014 by a team of experienced engineers, economists and IT experts planO2 prepares and implements many projects in the field of Entrepreneurship focusing on smart sectors with competitive advantageWe use research and technology at the benefit of Entrepreneurship. Passionate about applying ICT, we use ML and AI to develop solutions and customised services for companies. At the same time, we transform ideas into business for our company, investing in fields of tourism, energy, cycle economy and maritime.
Currently the team of the company consists of more than 10 multi-skilled professionals, engineers and experts in business development & software engineering. The team works together for more than five years and is highly motivated and trained to tackle different challenges. Common vision and passion is the glue of the team and commitment to develop unique projects consists the driver
Within 7 years of establishment, planO2 managed to run in parallel several significant research and new products development activities and to deliver a portfolio of products serving a diverse set of customers.The first project which has been launched, has to do with a smart time management tool in the field of leisure. It is estimated that the penetration level will reach 15 DMOs in the next two years. Next projects focus on energy and cycle economy.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
The first project which has been launched, has to do with a smart time management tool in the field of leisure and tourims. It is estimated that the penetration level will reach 15 DMOs in the next two years. In parallel, the market is complemented by companies and tourists. Next projects focus on energy and cycle economy.
We use research and technology at the benefit of Entrepreneurship
We work on projects having in mind that the market has no borders and limits. Every industry faces diverse challenges; however, all requirements and expectations derive from the need to increase competitiveness and efficiency. Our projects are based on technology, effectiveness, efficiency and innovation. Innovation, research and sustainable development are the pillars of our company vision. We travel a lot, we work with teams from abroad and we implement new projects which have FD the whole globe.