We have successfully completed our pre-seed funding round with strategic and financial investors and are currently aiming for around within Q2-Q3 of 2022.
The football team app for coaches, players and parents.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
With a growing team of talented business and technology developers, PlayerDex is not focused on offering just an additional technological solution for football academies, but ultimately to revolutionise & digitise the current scouting procedures through the obtention of early access to massive player data.We are changing the game of football by placing the power where it belongs: in the hands of the 265 million performers of the sport. Football players will now be in control of their destiny, due to the existence of their own player profile, which will showcase their football attributes & achievements and grant them equal scouting opportunities based on their talent.
PlayerDex is the protagonist in its sector in the Greek market, succeeding to create a 200 academy & 20.000 user network within 1,5 years. An important milestone for our company is that in the short period of our operation, we have introduced academies from Cyprus in our network, giving a new dynamic to our project and adding to our momentum.Today, despite the COVID-19 pandemic and its negative effects, the academies of our network managed to stay in touch with their members by sending them exercises, tips and updates through the app. Therefore, the pandemic served as a confirmation, both for our company but also for our users, of the necessity of the digital transformation of football academies, which is sure to be achieved through the use of PlayerDex. The fact that even during the lockdown period, our company managed to strengthen its network with the addition of new academies, was definitely our latest milestone, which confirmed that we are headed in the right track.
PlayerDex applies new technologies, taking into account the synchronous catholic use of smartphone technology in our everyday lives and provides a free & holistic solution for this sector. Our innovative business model takes advantage of the necessity for such an all-encompassing solution for football academies, by collecting and analysing in-app recorded player data in order to create the first young player index in the world. A premium talent database, encompassed by AI player predictive models, most professional football teams would dream of having access to.
PlayerDex offers a free, holistic and much-needed digital upgrade to amateur football academies, helping them improve in terms of organisation, communication and player performance, based on the following model:* Academy managers have a complete overview of all aspects of their academy (information of enrolled players, the teams’ schedule, match reports & statistics, attendance, payments, etc).* Coaches can organise activities (practices, matches and events) with players/parents being notified instantaneously, they can keep track of player attendance and fill-in player performance data.* Players/Parents have a clear schedule of all their football-related obligations and a chance to easily inform their coach about their availability, as well as being recipients of educational materials & special marketing offers. Players also have a chance to build their personal player profile, which is composed of their match statistics and data (filled out by their coaches throughout seasons).
PlayerDex is an online platform & app employed to organise, digitise and support football academies, while covering a huge market gap of information professional teams need in order to discover the most talented young players in the world.