The management team consists of a couple of professionals in event planning & management. We work with a networks of associates for blockchain development for smart contract andprofessionals in wedding industry. Our 3-year business plan includes the expansion of our network of partners to more tourist destinations in Greece - even in less popular destinations but with exceptional beauty - preferred by couples with an alternative way of life as mountain areas, thermal springs, agrotourism, extreme sports, etc. Establish at least 2 branches (one on an Aegean island and one in Thessaloniki) and expansion of our campaigns in markets of the rest of Europe and America (USA, Canada, Brazil), Asia
Selected from Innovation Greece and the American Embassy in Athens to join the Greek startups team at SXSW interactive festival in Austin, Texas in 2019 and participate at International accelerator program pitching competition. Member of ORANGE GROVE incubator initiative of the Netherlands Embassy in Athens in 2019 and member of THEA incubator initiative of EBEA in 2020.
€300K for blockchain smart contract and network development and operation
Love is love. Love is equal for anyone and marriage of same-sex couples is a fundamental human right also for the members of the LGBTQ+ community. After the recognition of marriage or civil partnership to same-sex couples in more than 40 countries around the world, a dynamic and growing market is seeking wedding planning services tailored to their own needs and desires. Couples from around the world choose Greece as a wedding destination to celebrate their formal or symbolic wedding combined with an unforgettable travel experience. Proudly supporting same-sex weddings targets a niche but super valuable segment of LGBTQ+ tourism. A wedding is the basic milestone in a couple’s life but there are also others key steps of a path that couples follow like the marriage proposal, the engagement and even some years after the wedding the vows renewal. So, it is an ongoing relationship of the couples that connects them with the wedding destination and keeps them visiting and seeking exclusive travel services on a long run.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Same-sex wedding planners in Greece and smart contract on the blockchain as a wedding certificate
In Greece some wedding professionals and vendors are feeling uncomfortable or unfamiliar to facilitating same-sex weddings or do not openly advertise their services as gay-friendly. So, we have established a network of equality-minded professionals and wedding vendors who openly show support in LGBTQ weddings. Ensuring that their destination-of-choice is safe for them to celebrate their love commitment and providing bespoke services with a diversity twist that satisfying the needs and wishes of the couple. The services we offer include a full range of celebration events of a couple's engagement. The key events are weddings ceremonies between young couples with or without guests, as well as vow renewal ceremonies for already married couples that wish to renew their vows. In addition, we organize more specialized events such as marriage proposals, bachelor parties and banquet receptions. We also organize romantic dinners for two, as part of a honeymoon travel package, as well as the last-minute wedding events, the "elopements".
As wedding planners, we capture the individual essence of each couple’s lifestyle and personality and present their unique love story through a flawless event. We oversee every detail, from a beautiful ceremony toexchange love vows and rings, to a stylish party event to have fun with their beloved ones! But our competitive advantage is the unique global wedding certificate on the Blockchain. We are planning to develop a "smart contract" on the blockchain that will certify the love of a couple globally regardless of social, religion, sexual etc. restrictions.