The three important milestones we have reached so far are as follows: - The technology behind the platform was designed and basic services were implemented.- Gameefy services were integrated in our own games with success.- Cooperation with two Game studios which will integrate Gameefy in all their game catalog. The integration has already started, gaining both security benefits and decreasing the marketing time for new features, while being able to focus on artistic vision and RnD for new upcoming titles.
Hiring strategically, building trusted partnerships and tactically outsourcing are the strategies our company has adopted to build a scalable business. Our goal is to build a healthy and tactical collaborator network by entering partnerships with existing market players while we have dependable outsourcing companies.Gameefy will embed Al-driven models that are going to rebalance the user experience for all kinds of game genres. We use commercial-grade technologies that provide game developers a secure and stable experience and allow them to take their game to the next level. We offer a high-grade quality of services that provide a balanced game play, increased user retention, fraud detection and game developers can focus mainly on their game’s artistic vision. Gameefy is professional game development features made accessible. You register your game and you have cloud servers. You click on features and they become available to you. You drag and drop a plugin and it becomes instantly integrated in your game engine. You pay nothing if you earn nothing. Moreover, you can focus on the creative side of your game.
Cognition through knowledge: Enterprise systems with the power of Data Science
The company is in a bootstrapping mode and we are currently self-funded. Our goal is to scale our business and we are in the process of raising capital to expand our operations. We ought to expand our team by hiring new members which will increase the overall level of productivity while we will be able to take advantage of growing revenues and reducing costs through economies of scale. The basic source of funding we are looking for are Government Subsidies which will allow us to produce more products and services. In the meantime, Government Subsidies will provide immediate benefits in our company. In addition, we are interested in finding Business Angels which will add credibility to the business and won’t require any repayment or interest. PCW is looking for investors and strategic partners that have an interest in the software and the game development industry. We will be looking for strategic investors only who would like to be part of the company’s vision and want to support it.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
The business is made up of experienced architects, managers and developers, who are all experts in their field with a combined experience of over 60 man-years. The team developing the product have many years of combined experience in product development and more specifically game development, giving them the advantage to have a very deep know-how of the industry.Zafeiris Panagiotidis is the CEO of the company. He acts as the main software solution architect and enterprise platforms as well as game designer.Nickolas Spilanis is the CTO of the company. He specializes in software solutions and in automating company’s processes.Dimosthenis Serketzis is the CCO of the company. He acts as the director of the creative department of the company with specialty in product design and he is expert in matters of branding and marketing.They started as a team in 2013 and the studio was founded by the three of them after a few years. Now, they are supported by a group of ten people.
Prime Cognition World's main activity is to provide Gameefy. Our game services platform handles everything a game developer should not have to. From authentication to player storage, and internationalization, virtual economy to payment processing, it gives a comprehensive toolset to eliminate game backend concerns.Our company is also active in domains such as resource and process monitoring, fraud detection, big data and GIS. We provide enterprise level solutions that fit the needs of both the private and public sector and we specialize in the development of large-scale systems, with completed projects at both European and national level.It is of utmost importance to maintain high-quality relationships with all partner companies.
As game developers ourselves,we have realized that we implemented the same set ofservices repeatedly for each game. This is how we were inspired to create Gameefy and we decided to provide these basic services to everyone, hoping to allow each developer to set aside more time for realizing their creative vision.Gameefy is a game design platform that offers game design recipes (interconnected game mechanics) that work out of the box. It is easy to use and there are no extra skills and expertise needed in order to be incorporated in any studio’s workflow. It provides:-A great variety of game mechanics that just work, increase retention and maximize loyalty-Seamless experience throughout the actual game-Easy integration with modern game enginesIt is time to democratize game design and provide turnkey solutions to those that need it the most: teams that need to realize their creative vision.