Prosperty has manage to automate and digitise the whole process of buying or renting a property. WIth our proprietary data, we build the capacity of the smart match making between the supply and demand side in Real Estate. Customer preferences are matched with hundreds of thousands of assets available in the market targeting a much higher sales conversion ration compared to the traditional real estate market
Prosperty has raised 4,4m€ in the pre-seed and seed rounds of funding
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
We are an experienced team covering the tech, business and real estate fields.
Prosperty is the first tech hybrid real estate agent and transactional marketplace in Central & SE Europe, starting from Greece, that digitally facilitates the selling and renting of real estate.· It offers ‘audited and verified’ properties, increasing trust, transparency, and convenience for both individual and institutional clients.· Prosperty leverages its technology and data capabilities, to offer unique data-rich presentations and 3D virtual tours, enables direct offers and negotiation, and provides collaboration and document management tools, along with end-to-end embedded online services around technical, legal, notary, and ancillary services like digital mortgage pre-qualification and insurance products.· It accelerates 4x the time needed for a property closing and minimizes uncertainty, risks, and hassle involved for local and international stakeholders, offering an enhanced customer experience and higher conversion rates.· Prosperty heavily invests in capturing, synthesizing, and creating property and customer data intelligence that offers proprietary insights and a unique market edge in prediction and forecasting that plans to leverage in exploring alternative investment-driven business models (e.g., iBuyer, etc.) at a further stage.· Prosperty is already the preferred digital commercialization and property management partner of major international and domestic NPL/REO servicers, banks, and institutional investors
The first tech enabled Real estate servicer in SE Europe
Prosperty USP refers to the capacity to offer tech-enabled services for the complete property and customer journey. From the preparation of an asset, to the day-by-day management and commercialisation. Our B2B model targeting the management and commercialisation of Institutional property (REO) owners provides a tremendous scalability to expand our model into other markets quickly.
In less than 24 months since its public launch, Prosperty has already onboarded over 3200+ verified properties, and with 150,000+ unique visits per month already achieves tens of transactions per month (attached some overview traction data). It currently has a team of 50+ people (mostly spread across engineering/product and sales roles), across its 2 countries of operations in Athens,Thessaloniki and Nicosia.Moreover, 2 significant SaaS contracts have been signed and developed already. Propserty technology is being used by Institutional Investors and Services in the NPL/REO industry covering the whole spectrum of the Asset Management and Commercialisation of RE assets.