Purposeful is an in silico drug repurposing company with a focus on rare diseases
- 3 candidates confirmed in vivo against Fragile X syndrome- 6 candidates confirmed in vitro against undisclosed disorder 1- 1 combination confirmed in vivo against Fragile X syndrome- 2 combinations confirmed in vivo against undisclosed disorder 2- 3 candidates confirmed in vivo against OCD (IP sharing project)- 3 candidates confirmed in vivo against Pitt-Hopkins Syndrome- 1 triple combination confirmed in vivo against Fragile X syndrome- 3 patent applications, multiple provisional to come- Concluded Phase 2A human trial in Fragile X Syndrome, in design of Phase 2B
Purposeful has created an end-to-end solution for computational drug repurposing. We use 180 million models for predicting novel properties of marketed drugs and 120 million statistical enrichment calculations to link this data to diseases. Combined with dozens of filters for establishing scientific rationale and a business sanity check, we are able to currently boast a 75% accuracy in laboratory validation, both in vitro and in vivo. Purposeful aims to sell its IP on a per-disease basis, after successful human trials, meaning that we are de-risking the entire process for the industrial partner bringing it to the market.
Our solution if absolutely innovative, as it comprises an end-to-end system using multiple data sources, and approximately 30 different nodes which contribute to the final solution. It can be fully automated but is also customisable to put stricter filters and thresholds in place, to tackle particular phenotypes, multiple disorders at the same time, as well as single or multiple compounds. Our entire process is unique, the filters the explainable AI, the way we work with experts in every disease area. Except for our methodology, our differentiation is that we have managed to reach our current milestones with 10% of the employees, in 33% of the time and with approximately 2% of the funds, compared to some of our competitors
Our team:Georgios Drakakis - CEO - PhD University of Cambridge - CheminformaticsCharalampos Chomenidis - CTO - MEng University of Patras - Software architectGeorgia Tsiliki - COO - PhD Imperial College London - BiostatisticsAristeidis Dokoumetzidis - Scientific advisor - Prof. Pharmacometrics, University of Athens Thaleia Vlachou - Biomedical ScientistChristina Bachouma - Junior Biotechnology Scientist
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Funding needs are on a rolling basis as well as per project.
There are 7000 rare diseases, 6400 of them are without a cure or treatment. Big pharma tends to focus more on common disorders and novel blockbuster drugs. This leaves a huge untapped repurposing market of 31 billion dollars available to companies like Purposeful. Using our disease-agnostic AI engine, we are able to make predictions for the beneficial effect of currently marketed drugs -or their combinations- against almost any disorder. We slash both time-to-market and costs at all levels of discovery.