Gaming and esports startup, focused on creating memorable experiences and creating value.
Looking for strategic partners to form together the next steps of the revenue generating side of the company as well as the funding needs until the marketplace can go to market as an MVP.
The innovation of our business comes from two sides. Our marketplace will be the first to use machine learning on audiovisual scanning of content to match advertiser campaigns - until now, competitors rely solely on audience and reach factors. The platform has immense scaling opportunities by moving into the influencer space internationally and to different content verticals. Second, in the form of optimizing broadcast and content production workflows and resources, through importing technologies into every day personal computers that can generate higher capabilities and performance than what production and TV companies use in their studios.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
We are a gaming & esports startup building media products, events and constantly challenging established status quo in the market. We leverage our industry expertise to provide specialized services through a gaming culture marketing agency. Our services are top of the shelf, and we onboard clients starting from a strategic level. Our team shares a passion to deliver memorable experiences for gaming fans, while creating stable and sustainable ecosystems for esports. With all content operations in house, we want to establish the company as a multidisciplinary creative that is expanding from video games to entertainment and culture.
We have a great mix of qualities in the team to undertake and deliver any project. The experience of leaders in the space paired with the young age of the core team is a great combination that creates great products for the audience of gaming.
We have identified that the biggest pain point of our media products connecting with relevant advertisers. The surge of over the counter transactions between media buyers and content publishers (especially influencers) has created non transparent pricing and high margins from agents. Starting with our own client list and channel dashboard, we are going to develop a platform that will match supply and demand based on data intelligence gathered from our Social Media and Streaming services.
The company is boostrapped and generated more than 800K euro revenue in 2022, three years after its launch. Multiple marketing awards for our content and partnerships, which include the biggest advertisers in Greece.