PvPro LTD was founded in 2014. The company is headquartered in Cyprus, has a branch in Greece and employs a total of 10 staff. PvPro LTD is the creator and sole proprietor of online eSports platform PvPro.comPvPro (www.pvpro.com) is a fully automated, all-inclusive eSports platform for online tournaments, leagues and competitive matchmaking, featuring an integrated marketplace.It provides a secure home for gamers to gather and compete for prizes.
Esports growth 2020 -the pandemic and subsequent universal lockdowns accelerated the eSports industry. Up to that point, eSports was slowly growing and experts estimated it would take the industry 2-5 years to reach its full potential. With COVID-19 locking people inside for months on end and putting a stop to all public sporting events, many people turned to gaming. The overall gaming industry has seen a huge spike in revenues with the industry expected to reach $175 billion and soar to $218 billion by 2023. It is evident that the eSports sector is also maturing at a very fast pace, demonstrating growth of $1 billion in 2020.PvPro caters for the amateur eSports enthusiast and provides them with an avenue to reward their game and skills through a variety of online game modes.- Single games- Leaderboards- TournamentsAll the above offer various prizes and rewards based on the skill level and duration of the event. Prizes offered include hardware accessories, merchandise and balance in their virtual wallets.The balance can be redeemed in our integrated marketplaces offering products such as virtual items, gift cards, merchandise and hardware.
Advanced matchmaking algorithm that matches players with similar skills.Highly flexible and customizable competitions model that currently supports tournaments, ladders, quests, missions and can be extended to also support other types of competitions.Highly scalable AWS infrastructure that can support expansion to other geographic territories.
- Direct Marketing Costs (Influencers / On-Platform Marketing)- Grow our team in order to facilitate integration of more game titles
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Stamatios Venios, Founder & CEOWe have achieved scalable profitability on a per-user basis.We have set up efficient regional influencer networks providing us a steady stream of new users with very low acquisition costs.We will expand into more regions (SEA, North & South America).We will add more game titles (Valorant, TFT, DOTA 2, PUBG, Fortnite, MTG Arena) - replicating the success we have had with CS:GO and League of Legends while diversifying our portfolio.
PvPro is an eSports platform that runs large scale tournaments for some of the largest game titles.
- Total of 3,38 million registered users.- More than 21,7m games played and 67k tournaments organized.- More than 74m total game participants.- ESG Tour - eSports event in Mykonos, Greece, broadcasted live for 35 hours with over 8 million views worldwide.