One of the issues a small company may face is that of agility. Small companies may have to change their processes frequently until they reach the required maturity level. Many of the electronic Document Management System (DMS) that exist in the market already do not offer this agility.Our goal is to improve and to further support the SMEs to their goals.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Founded in 2019, in Thessaloniki. For supporting regulated startups small and medium-sized enterprises with their quality and regulatory requirements. Currently, we provide Consulting services and we are developers of Atlassian Confluence apps.
Evangelos Mantadakis is the Lead Consultant of QC Analytics and brings extensive experience in Quality Assurance and Regulatory Affairs. Mike Vakalos is a Software Developer at QC Analytics, he is interested in software development and the production of web apps. Sofia Kargioti is a Business Developer at QC Analytics, she brings great communication skills and is interested in Digital Marketing techniques and how to help businesses grow through them.
Our mission is to help Quality Engineers to work more efficiently.
We are working with a solution used to receive, track, manage and store documents on the Cloud that would allow startup companies to develop and evolve their business management system in an agile way. We are developing products and solutions that receive, track, manage and store documents within the Cloud, allowing startup companies to develop and evolve their business management system in an agile way.
2019:- QC Analytics was founded2020:- In April our team grew by a Software Developer, Mike Vakalos joined the team.- In December we managed to get certified with CyberEssentials.- In December we saw our add-on business gain more customers (128 subscribed customers)2021:- In January our team grew by a Business Developer, Sofia Kargioti joined the team.