Up-today, ARIA participates in six projects aiming at constructing "Recreational Diving Oases with HCMR artificial Reefs" in the Region of Crete. It is estimated that for the period 2023-25 a network of more than ten projects will be constructed within Crete Region with a total budget of more €2M. ARIA is aiming at collaborating also with public authorities and private firms located in other maritime Regions of Greece, which will be interested in applying HCMR innovative technologies. It is foreseen that in the next 7 years more than 50 Recreational Diving Parks and Open Diving Attractions can be potentially constructed along the Greek coasts with an estimated total budget of more than €12-15M. Furthermore, ARIA intends to exploit exclusive rights and know-how deriving in 7 Mediterranean countries, having a target of €0.5M in average annual revenue. Finally, ARIA is aiming also to participate as a partner in national and EU R&D consortia for the development, testing and demonstration of novel technologies relevant with the creation, function and maintenance of recreational diving parks, special fisheries' management areas, extensive aquaculture and many other blue growth related topics.
ARIA is co-founded by HCMR and Dr Costas Dounas (inventor) together with a team of high level scientists and engineers in the fields of Marine Biology and Ecology, artificial habitat technology, technical project management and scientific diving with the aim to exploit technological knowledge and further develop new products and services.
HCMR innovative technology has been tested, validated and demonstrated successfully in the Underwater Biotechnological Park of HCMR in Crete in the framework of various research and developmental projects. Furthermore, industrial property rights have been protected by a European patent granted centrally by EPO and final designated countries Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Malta, Cyprus, Turkey and Croatia.
Artificial reefs (ARs) are human-made structures that mimic natural reefs, creating new habitats and shelters for marine life. It is widely accepted that snorkelers and divers prefer biological attributes of the marine environment, while they show higher preference for fish abundance and fish size over corals. The establishment of artificial reefs favors biological productivity, thus enhancing the local populations of fish and invertebrates, especially in biologically depleted areas of the seabed. As the trend of creating Recreational Diving Parks increases globally, the appeal of ARs is critical for their ability to attract marine ecotourism but also to divert visitor pressure from natural reefs. HCMR innovative artificial reefs offer for the first time an innovative solution in designing and constructing Underwater Recreational Diving Oases (Marine Parks & Recreational Attractions) that provide today a wide range of environmental and commercial services. The construction and placement of artificial reefs in Greek waters for marine recreational purposes is today regulated under the recent Law 4688/2020 - Government Gazette A 101/24.05.2020).
The degradation of many recreational diving destinations all over the world due to massive ecotourism has necessitated the adoption of innovative management measures. HCMR has developed an innovative technology for the creation of artificial Underwater Ecotourism Attractions (Oases) using specially constructed artificial reefs in an attempt to simulate the functional and morphological characteristics and the aesthetics of the natural rocky reefs.In this context HCMR has developed and demonstrated two innovative concepts: "HCMR-Recreational Diving Oasis™" and "HCMR-Artificial Reef for Recreational Diving™". These products are currently promoted in the market by the HCMR new spinoff private company "ARTIFICIAL REEF INNOVATIVE APPLICATIONS – ARIA P.C.".
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Innovative products & services for Recreational Diving Parks and Open Diving Attractions
We offer a customized approach to our services, products and partners. We support our customers across the design, development, optimization, manufacturing and implementation of recreational diving parks as well as free underwater artificial diving amenities projects. Furthermore, we also provide advice and technical support for all or part of the ecological, engineering, construction expert work. As each project has its own solution, ARIA is constantly innovating by adapting its innovative technologies to any specific environmental seascape and by using required additional expertise. ARIA partnerships include a complete package of all necessary technical, industrial and scientific collaborations.