We have signed customers from the Banking and Payment Providers sectors. In 2019, Quadible was selected by the British government as one of the brightest stars of UK Cyber Innovation. Furthermore, Quadible was one of three winners of the FinQuest Challenge and was accepted into the Visa Innovation Programme.
Quadible helps banks reduce costs and increase customer satisfaction. Quadible's mission is to create a safer world while making people's lives easier so they can focus on what matters for them. Until now, organisations have mitigated risk and fraud by putting all the burden on users’ side. With the evolution of technology such as artificial intelligence, at Quadible we believe that it is time to remove that burden from end-users’ shoulders. Through transparency it is time to increase people’s trust towards innovative technologies that will remove repetitive, energy and time-consuming tasks, allowing them to focus on what is important for themselves.
Quadible introduces an AI-solution that continuously authenticates the user, without the need for any input, by learning the users’ behavioural patterns. The system combines multiple behavioural observations from which the identity of a user can be determined. The combination of different types of observations with AI and psychological models leads to an extremely high accuracy in authenticating individuals by eliminating the errors of each individual behavioural pattern. The system is far easier to use because the end-user does not have to actively do anything. While state-of-the-art approaches focused on using one biometric (fingerprint, iris, voice, face) to authenticate the users, Quadible uniquely combines more than 14 independent behavioural traits including biometrics and behavioural patterns based on movement, smartphone usage and financial transactions from people's daily life, resulting in a more secure and more user-friendly authentication system. This helps our customers reduce costs by mitigating risk and fraud and at the same time provide a better service to their customers by improving the user-experience.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Quadible is bringing in the era of continuous behavioural authentication
George Sachpatzidis (CTO) has grown from a software developer intern at SiEBEN to a shareholder and Product Management Director (now) at Pobuca only in 6 years. Pobuca has currently more than 10,000 B2B customers and has received 7M in funding. In parallel, Niklas Palaghias (CEO) worked for 4 years as a software developer at a telecoms consultancy in Athens. Then, having received a scholarship, Niklas did his PhD studies at the University of Surrey in human behaviour recognition on mobile devices. Towards the end of Niklas’ studies, Quadible was born as a technology company, where we were working on various software development projects, including authentication projects with leaders in cybersecurity for the UK government and industry. These projects combined with our daily encounter with numerous complex and time-consuming passwords showed us that there is a need for more secure and more user-friendly authentication. Our board incorporates industry experts from the Banking Integrator side but also from the Banks' side.
Quadible provides the only system that introduces a multi-biometric self-compensating continuous authentication system that autonomously learns the users’ behavioural patterns. It is the only system that offers:- Continuous behavioural authentication that does not require any user input.- Authentication that uniquely combines more than 14 biometrics, human, device and transactional behavioural patterns.- Setup with only one selfie photo or a passport.- Primary standalone continuous authentication that fully discards passwords.- Secondary continuous authentication discarding the need for multi-factor authentication- PSD2 compliance without vulnerable SMS authentication factor.- Device ubiquity, one profile across all the users' devices.Quadible is focusing on offering a competitive product that provides a more secure and easy-to-use authentication solution. In parallel, the pricing model offered by BehavAuth is lower than the competition. Also, it is privacy preserving as it provides full transparency to the user about the data collected and the purpose. In terms of security and user experience, Quadible is the most advanced solution at this point as it learns and combines more than 14 behavioural patterns to authenticate users.
We will soon start our Seed funding round of 2M euros to expand across Europe focusing primarily on the Banking, Financial Services and Insurance markets.