Company aims to develop high-tech products at the interface of quantum technology with life sciences
Our first technology development direction has to do with quantum vision, which synthesizes modern photonics and quantum optics technology with the physiology of human vision. We have developed a novel laser light source that can stimulate the retina with spatial selectivity. We plan to use this source for two devices addressing two different markets: (a) biometrics, and (b) medical diagnostics. Regarding biometrics, we have designed a novel biometric identification scheme using few photons and relying on the visual system's ability to perform photon counting. This scheme is called "quantum biometrics" and is poised to offer unprecedented security agains malicious attacks. Our light source is used to stimulate the retina with few photons and thus initiate the identification protocol relying on the differences of low intensity light perception among humans. Regarding medical diagnostics, we have used the same light source with higher light intensity, to measure the pupil's light reflex. This is the process of pupil constriction and re-dilation at the presence of light illumination and its termination, respectively. The process is regulated by neural circuits in the mid-brain. Since we can stimulate the retina at several different spots, we can extract new neural information from the pupil's spatially selective response. The extracted information is potentially very useful for diagnosing disease of the retina and the central nervous system.
As a deep-tech hardware start-up we are constantly in need for cash!
Qubiom's goal is to invest in the niche synthesis of quantum technology with biotechnology, which can potentially offer disruptive high tech advances and added value. Both sectors have in recent decades advanced independently into blossoming markets, but the potential of their synthesis is only now beginning to be appreciated. Qubiom's vision is to exactly harness this potential, and design/produce high-end products of sophisticated underlying science & technology, taking advantage of mature quantum science and life science, as well as their modern overlapping advances.
The team is swiftly growing, with new talented science graduates recently joining. We are always open for highly motivated and highly skilled scientists/engineers to join our efforts.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Our innovation is based on the use of "surgically" precise experimental techniques regarding the manipulation of light to study aspects of the human visual system. Our technology is of small scale that can be readily produced locally at volumes addressing the global market needs in the two aforementioned markets. Our competitive advantage lies in our novel scientific ideas and technical details of their experimental realization.
So far we have completed a laboratory prototype, with several measurements demonstrating our core technologies completed and ongoing. We have been awarded a US patent, and several are pending.