We use existing cutting-edge technology to create this highly innovative business product and service that is unique globally. The platform offers a plethora of user functionality choice layers essentially consolidating the ESG criteria universe presently available internationally while dynamically adjusting to them upon their alteration. We revolutionized ESG performance measurement / management while simplifying data gathering and analysis process by using algorithm calculations and block chain encryption finally producing an easy, intuitive, minimum effort for maximum desired outcome UI customizable to the ultimate degree. All this under affordable subscription packages and strong after sales support.Our innovativeness concentrates to the fact that rather than competing with existing players/platforms, we consolidate them all under "one roof" allowing users to choose per own needs, profile and results' purpose. Presently, there is no ESG measuring tools consolidating all available solutions globally, nor is there one integrating with existing ERP systems while sourcing data.
Since 2014 we act as a service provider for the maritime industry offering: Management Systems (Quality, health and safety, environmental management, security, energy, cyber security, etc), Performance Monitoring Software, Training, Management system auditing, incident investigation, etc.
We invite potential investors to support our project by participating in our equity base.
Administration & Traine Consultanst to Shipping Companiese. Good English & Use of MS Word rewuired
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Clientele: Aegean Oil, ANEK, Arab Maritime Petroleum Transport Company, ARIES Risk Group, AZORA Marine, BMF Port Burgas, BP, CARRAS HELLAS, Cyprus Port Authority, CHRONOS Shipping, DANAOS, DNV, ELPE, Epsilon Hellas, Estoril Navigation, Flisvos Marina, Gulf Marine Management, Harbor Shipping&Trading, International Consultants-Target Security, Mac Gregor GRC, Maran Tankers, Marine Management Services-MC, Moldovan Ministry of Economy and Infrastructure, NEDA Maritime, Neptune Lines, OCEONIX-JP Morgan subsidiary, OLP, PrimeBulk, Privatsea Yachting, SETE Yacht Management, Scandinavian Near East Agency, Compania Naviera, Travco, VTTV Cyprus, Zanzibar Maritime Authority, Zenith Gemi Isletmeciligi AS.
A highly innovative product “opening the door" for companies to address ESG elements identifying their ESG characteristics' "footprint". A revolutionary software platform, performing pragmatic and practical evaluation of any company’s ESG policies. The platform consolidates all ESG criteria available from credible sources (ca 1k+ metrics/criteria) providing the basis for a dynamic KPI analysis. The criteria used consist of ALL established ESG individual guidelines (eg SASB, GRI, Taxonomy, etc.), and customized Corporate Sustainability targets for different sectors/industries. We revolutionized data collection by seamlessly integrating data gathering with existing Enterprise Resource Planning Systems (ERPs). We offer limitless user pre-defined KPI scoring system catering for benchmarking and published either through pre-set output dashboard templates, and/or a fully customizable suite both on PC and on mobile/portable devices through a dedicated app (Android and iOS).
We shall begin operations within Greece and expand to China (through our subsidiary in Shenzhen), the EU and the Balkans. We expect our initial client base to be a total of upto 10 companies and increase this to a min of 50 by the 3rd year of operations.We intend to grow on a pre-set milestone basis as follows:YEAR 1: finalization of product on PC (windows and MAC iOS) and development of mob phone app. Platform’s betta version successful verification on existing Quantum clientele and presentation of final product to new clients. Enhancement of aftersales support d’ment (ops and headcount). Our target is to reach up to 10 clients by end of year one.YEAR 2 to 4: Further increase of our critical mass (headcount, facilities and infrastructure expansion) so as to cater for increasing clientele and its after sales support (customization, etc). Development of mobile phone app and launch by year 2. Beta Version launched in the Chinese, the EU and Balkans market clientele while considering expanding further in Asia.YEAR 5 onwards: expanding in the EU and the Balkans markets while further enhancing our presence in Greece, China.We consider the following as potential growth barriers:-Competition coming from similar activity companies to be established gaining market share (we have yet to encounter any competition as such to date),-Funding scarcity resulting in slowing down our development phases/plans per milestones set.