1.5-2 mio Euro to expand the facilities of the company and the hardware
QuintEssential has met some crucial milestones both in business and in product development. Main traction on product development lies on the available developed platform tested on customer sites. On the business traction, our customer portfolio and pipeline is created in Greece and international level with 3 signed contracts for the application and implementation of the Logit solution.
The team consists of partners that cover all the different aspects of the value chain and can be found in the website. More precisely the team consists of Alexandros Daskalakis who is the co-founder - managing partner and business developer of the company with main role the attraction of investments and new opportunities. Also the team consists of Socratis Charisis , Managing partner who is an expert on Digital Design and User Experience and User Interface Design. Last , Konstantinos Kopanidis , co-founder -managing partner who is in charge of the technology process and back-front end development.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
QuintEssential provides a digital solution called Logit to address the complexity of maintenance, management and recording of the building or structures equipment. Logit is a platform digitizing the process in the entire value chain and life cycle of machinery offering the decision tool to field managers. The platform is deployed and offered into two variations with set on different groups: a) the management application (cloud based) and b) the mobile application. The management application focuses on managers andadministrators in order a) to check and assign maintenance activities on specific teams b) to supervise the progress of the maintenance activities c) to check the logistical infrastructure of the whole building or structure and d) to check points that might need repair and maintenance. The mobile application with more restricted data, focuses more on technicians and workers and helps them a) to check the job/activity that has been assigned to them b) to record the activities
Building products the right way. We design and develop uncompromising web and mobile applications.
The management and maintenance of construction projects, buildings and structures, especially of large scale is attached with complexities, high resource commitments and requires large investment. The common practice today is dilution of data in different forms, either in spreadsheets or in hardcopy, which is not efficient of mining and updating data and tracking the maintenance and management needs. This practice is usually attached with data misinterpretation, several reading mistakes, time and resources consumption. On the same time, mandatory information and data are not collected in a dedicated centralized digital system, which creates different file formats in many cases hard to comprehend and be readable and as such take decisions on the management and maintenance from respective managers.
Quintessential is a start-up established in the last three years which is aiming on digitizing the data management and maintenance process in large scale construction infrastructures. Logit platform delivers an innovative digital automated approach for maintenance, assigning activities for repair and reconstruction to the decision manager and turns the process from paperwork into efficient, logged and cost effective one. The unique value proposition of Logit aims to the fact that it provides a single reliable point of data reference, updated, and takes into account the preventive and corrective maintenance of each equipment of the infrastructure in terms of cost, time and availability. Logit by utilizing among other artificial intelligence, can optimize the maintenance time in order to offer almost 100% availability for critical parts of an infrastructure. In addition, Logit offers the innovation of keeping a full log of the maintenance that has been carried out for every part/equipment.