Hospitality Market:Thus far, we have completed six (6) important milestones: 1. Completed Concept and Product Testing 2. Completed the development of a Prototype 3. Completed Initial Product/Service Tests 4. We completed Market Testing 5. We started Production 6. We completed a bellwether sale In July 2020 We booked our first major account, a luxury suite chain operating in the center of Athens with 240 newly built rooms. To win this customer over, we had to compete against ASSA ABLOY a €1.5 billion Swedish giant. The customer selected us due to the innovative unified solution we offered compared to our competitor, the ease in installation and our very competitive pricing model. COVID-19 and the hospitality lockdown imposed led toalmost two years of being commercially inactive.However, since the end of 2021, commercial activity has picked up very strongly, company recognition in the market is growing fast and as a result in a very short period of time we have managed to service 350 rental units with a plan to reach 500 by the end of 2022 with expected revenue in excess of €150.000.Travel market:Our AI driven Digital Concierge App will be launched in September 2023, at which time we will be able to see the type of traction it will get in the markets.
Radefy is a truly innovative startup.Hospitality Market:It first addressed customers pain points, by designing and developing its Centurion cloud-based platform, its Avaton IoT Device and its BLE Locks, providing customers with the ability to fully manage their two biggest operating costs at a very low price. There is 2 hours installation process but after that the service is immediately available.Currently we are in the process of introducing to the market additional Smart Hospitality devices, integrated with our cloud platform, in order to reduce installation time and move further ahead from our competitors before they realize the market need.•tBusiness Model, Product/Service: Subscription business model •tStrapline: No more high electric bills! No more keys! No more endless waiting for your Guests to arrive! •tValue Proposition: Save Time, Save Money stay profitableTravel market:The AI driven Digital Concierge App, is a completely new and innovative concept.As an app it is extremely scalable on a global level, offering a frictionless experience to travelers in 21 languages.Our Business model is a multisided platform business model, as it connects travelers (demand) with local suppliers of products/services (supply), in order to offer travelers a customized travel experience and suppliers an additional source of clientele and income.Once Travelers sets up their account and enter their credit card, they will enjoy a completely frictionless experience.
We are looking to raise €1.5M pre- Series A investment, that will cover our AI driven Digital Concierge App scale up to 21 major European city destinations by 2027, as well as provide funding for marketing, the development of new services in order to constantly stay ahead of the competition and for the proper set up of internal operations and processes, in order for the company to be able to support its planned rapid international expansion.Our goal is by 2027, to offer service to 25 million international tourist arrivals and generate €375M revenue per year.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Hospitality Market:To cover this market gap and provide a solution to the customers pain points, we designed a scalable and fully integrated cloud-based platform, which in cooperation with our proprietary IoT device and BLE Locks, unified both automated Guest Access and Electric Mgmt.Fromthe Dashboard, a customer can easily issue/delete and automatically send personal e-keys to his Guests, set operating parameters for all connected electric devices in his rental properties and monitor his business remotely from anywhere in the world. Using our Energy & Access Mgmt. cloud platform, hotels and STR can now manage their costs more efficiently. Existing customers have seen a 20% reduction in their electric consumption.Travel market:To resolve this conundrum, we are developing the next generation AI driven Digital Concierge App, that will offer an End-to-End Travel Cycle Experience with a One-Stop-Shop offering a frictionless experience. Travelers will use our Digital Guest Book to research the City they wish to visit, discover the city’s vibes and discover its cultural & archeological treasures and local experiences, buy/reserve local products/services which will automatically be updated in the in-app map and their in -app itinerary.Our AI “Jake” will be at their side through the entire Travel cycle experience to guide them, offer answers to their questions, make reservations and update their itinerary.
Mr. Ath. Piliounis holds an M.Sc. Finance and has worked in the Canadian and Greek banking industry. Prior to RADEFY he has founded 2 other startups, in the telecom and crowdfunding markets Dr. Dimopoulou, Professor of Law Athens Law school, has extensive experience in civil, contract, patent and competition law. She has managed the legal department of a large corporation and has seen through a public offering and several mergers in Greece Dr. Taskaris PhD Electrical & Computer Eng from NTUA, is a senior business analyst focusing on business process improvement, requirement analysis and conversion of business requirements to technical specs Mr. Benecos M.Eng. Electrical & Computer from NTUA. He specializes in I.T. Organization and BSS/OSS, has been involved in numerous large scale I.T. projects and has been involved with 5 other startups Mr. Alex Piliounis has many years of experience in PCB design and testing. He has founded one more start-up prior to Radefy in the telecom market. Mr. Michael Piliounis M.Eng Imperial University is one of the founders and has assisted in the writing of all the technical documents.Our team covers a wide range of professional expertise necessary to the success of RADEFY and with more that 20 years of industry related experience and a number of successful startups, constitute a solid management team that can lead the company to achieve its goals and objectives.
Radefy is a Smart Hospitality technology company that developed the technology to solve two different problems.Hospitality Market:Hotels & STR, have come to realize, that the two biggest operating they needed to manage, is energy and access control. Radefy identified a gap in the market, which was missing a unified solution that would combine both automated access control, electric mgmt. and remote management of all properties under one easy to use screen, quickly, easily and affordably. Travel market:Travel is a complex and high anxiety purchase. This is because travel information is scattered in different websites which lack proper travel content, making planning and booking a trip a fragmented process. Compiling travel information and putting it in a map is time consuming. The mass penetration of Smartphones has created new travel shopping processes, with Travelers demanding faster access to information and more customized experiences during their vacations.This trend is expected to grow faster due to the growing entrance of the Millennials in the market.It is expected that by 2025 Millennials will account for 75% of all international tourist arrivals, demanding end-to-end online travel planning, local experiences and last minute bookings. Radefy has identified this market shift and is designing a next generation AI driven Digital Concierge cloud platform and mobile app, that will solve all traveler pain points.
Hospitality Tech Services - AI Concierge Travel App combined with Access & Electric Rentals mgmt.