A great innovation of our product is that our customers are free to use their technology of choice to connect to any of the “heads”. Once the content is ready developers can load it to a website, mobile app, or other channel. Due to the separated nature of the headless CMS, our customers can choose the technologies that fit their current architecture. Our competitive advantages are Personalization, Localization & Security.Personalization and Localization allow content editors to deliver future-proof digital experiences. Our customers can easily unlock new revenue sources, reaching a global audience because we offer full localization support and a translation workflow for all types of content and assets.Security is a major deciding factor when it comes to choosing a CMS for a business. Our platform protects against security risks due to its decoupled nature. Our API can also provide content distribution that is read-only. Additionally, that API can be placed behind an application and a security layer.Finally, an important innovation is the way we bill our customers. Most, if not all, of our competitor follow the standard subscription package per website. After analysis and discussion with our customers, we concluded that “taxing” the horizontal growth is counter-intuitive for most businesses. On the other hand, vertically billing based on usage is fairer and allows our customers to have flexibility when reselling our product or planning to expand their business.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Lucent develops an innovative Headless Content Management System (CMS) as a Service
Data Management for the web, mobile or any place your content reaches
We have released 3 major versions of our product, evolving according to our customer needs and the global direction of our industry.2018: we reached our first milestone of 50 subscribed customers to our service, a decent number for us because it is a B2B and not a consumer product.2019: we established partnerships with 4 important Greek agencies, which used our platform to develop applications and websites for their customers (telecommunication companies, large retail stores and supermarkets).2020: we see our product as the main system to manage a quiz game for kids and we scaled our product to serve an average of 5 million requests per day.2021: a Greek startup, choose our product to develop their marketplace. They use our product to cover, product content, blog, newsletter, promotion and loyalty content needs. Also, we have acquired as a customer a company based in Florida, expanding our services worldwide. This company uses our product to unify their international content needs.
Our current Funding Needs are estimated to 500.000 Euros for reaching our growth targets until the end of year 2023.
The main product of our company, that we develop for the past years, is Lucent CMS. A headless CMS for large organizations and web agencies. Our product provides innovative technological solutions in the headless CMS space.It follows a 100% serverless architecture. Meaning that our clients don’t need to invest in infrastructure to use our product. These are some of the core features:- Advance Content delivery and distribution though Edge Caching and REST Apis- Innovative localization experience. Allowing international companies to localize their content in flexible ways.- Media management and manipulation.- Team and organization management.- Data isolation and on demand scalability- White-label features, allowing web agencies to re-license our product- Integration with popular service such as MongoDB, AWS, Azure Cloud, ElasticSearch.- Deep graph database model, ideal for eCommerce apps- And much more
The founders of Lucent CMS, me (Alexander) and Elvira have a long history of working on the web. For the past 15 years we've been working with web agencies, startups and large organizations, creating websites and e-shops. Our consulting experience diversifies between consulting roles in some established companies and mentoring some upcoming startups.Our Core team, includes - 2 front-end developer,- 1 UI/UX Designer- 2 back-end developers- 1 account managerWe are also cooperating other agencies four our accounting and legal needs.Our technological partners powering our infrastructure are MongoDb, ImageBoss, Cloudflare, Stripe, Elorus, Datadog, Postmark and Linode.