Raivotech is active in the field of mHealth and specifically in the utilisation and analysis of data from smart wearable devices with the goal to provide personalized mobile health services. In more detail, Raivotech develops software, which can extract valuable health information by using AI technology and state-of-the-art medical research.
Since we are in our initial stages and have no revenue yet, we require funding to be able to scale up and continue implementing our solution more actively. We have already started applying for grants from European and national agencies. We are open to collaborate with Angel investors or VCs, who are interested in helping people improve their health and lives and believe in the advantages of our solution.
So far, the team of Raivotech has developed a functioning application, which can collect data from fitness trackers and smartphones of the most popular manufacturers. The application is currently undergoing internal testing and will be soon released to the public for further testing. In parallel, the web dashboard for professionals is being developed. Direct communication with medical professionals provides us with feedback about it, which is then implemented into the design and functionality of the dashboard. We have been accepted by Patras Science Park to use their facilities as our office spaces, giving us many opportunities for networking and participation in many events, one of them being the Orange Grove incubator. Additionally, we are taking part in the SymbIASIS program, organised by the National Documentation Centre.Finally, we are in contact with some of the biggest hospitals in Greece and we are planning joint projects for the implementation of our services.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Make healthcare accessible with the use of modern technology.
By using off-the-shelf devices and developing a sophisticated and advanced application we give the opportunity to everyday people to accurately monitor their sleep quality. Sleep is a complex issue affecting and being affected by many habits of our daily lives. Therefore, we are following a holistic approach, which is different from what our competitors are doing in terms that we are collecting and using a multitude of data and information from the users and their daily lives; we do not limit our analysis only on data collected during sleep, as our competitors do. We are taking advantage not only of the high computational power of modern hardware, but also the potential of AI algorithms to process vast amount of information. Additionally, by coupling the application with a platform designed for doctors and medical professionals, we can offer unique solutions. Long-term patient surveillance for instance can allow doctors monitor their patients’ health status after a major procedure or whether a new medication has altered and improved their habits. The platform will also offer in the future automated symptom detection, the medical professionals will then be notified and be able to review the full analysis that led to this conclusion. These features differentiate us from all competitors we have identified so far.
Emmanouil Bakopoulos and Michail Theofilatos are the technology and programming experts. They have both graduated from the Department of Computer Engineering and Informatics at University of Patras and having a Master’s in computer science. Angelos Theofilatos is coordinating the team holding a BSc and an MSc in physics. He is working on his PhD in the field of Materials Science. Dimitra Thoma is the marketing and sales specialist. She graduated with a distinction from the Department of Public Relations and Communication. She is a postgraduate student in the programme "New Media Communication and Digital Marketing". Dr. Dimosthenis Lykouras is a Respiratory Physician and Sleep Specialist who has been trained in sleep medicine in Guy’s and St. Thomas’ Sleep Laboratory in London. Prof. Kiriakos Karkoulias is a Respiratory Physician and Sleep Specialist at University of Patras and has been supervising scientific studies in the field of Sleep Medicine for more than 15 years.
Onar is a two-fold platform consisting of an app, that tracks sleep information of users and provides tailored advice on sleep based on AI algorithmic analyses and a web dashboard targeted to medical professionals. Our mission is also to bring sophisticated and usually out-of-reach sleep analysis to more people and to help them identify potential health issues. Our application will present an affordable and easy way to track your sleep and get important information. Also, when professional care is needed, the users will be notified. Healthcare professionals with the use of our dashboard have the possibility of long-term surveillance of their patients’ health status. Doctors will be able to retrieve information about their patients’ habits and daily activities for many weeks before, something unheard of before. Detection and identification of symptoms, contribute to finding underlying health issues and then based on the doctor’s assessment further and refined testing can be ordered.