Aspiring to foster this feedback mentality within teams, we created the Pulser. It’s a pretty simple tool designed to catch structured, regular, teams-oriented feedback, with an actual impact on the ways they shape their collaboration. We are based on 4 main principles:Teams come first: We care about making teamwork more efficient and happier. Project progress tracking is also a positive side-effect. Quickly but frequently: Regular feedback is definitely better than just feedback. So, we choose a super-fast and consistent process but in frequent periods of time.Promoting transparency: We respect anonymity, but we give the team the chance to do the extra mile and turn their answers to eponymous at any time!Getting useful insights: Project owners orchestrate the process with their teams and we ensure they get useful insights, clear outcomes, quantitative and qualitative results and even next steps suggestions. Insights that they can share with their team members anytime.
A hybrid of consultants & makers, helping visionary companies thrive in the digital economy.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
The Pulser was the outcome of our need to find a friendly tool to improve ourways of working and collaboration as a team. We started with the development of Phase A, including 5 easy-to-answer questions and the detailed admin’s interface. A phase that we completed in a month and released the product in September. We tested internally once a week with our agile teams and with some of our clients to achieve some initial market validation. The team’s appetite for more features brought on Phase B in December. We added new features and totally redesigned the reporting interface. We reached out to market, attracting more free clients aiming to establish a Product-Market fit.We are currently developing Phase C, proceeding with the redesign of the whole Administration Interface and the addition of new app features, like onboarding screens for new users and profile pages for all the reviewers.
RBN SAT has been bootstrapped so far, using an initial personal investment and then using its own revenues. We are looking for funding opportunities to increase our team size. Also, an external funding could accelerate crucially further development.
Most project management tools track project status from the perspective of task completion, and yes, this is very important but it lacks insights on the underlying reasons (e.g is the team happy? What is keeping us back? What went well? Is our client satisfied? Could we have done better?). Also, most teams rely on the project managers’ view only, rather than on their collective wisdom. On the other hand, there are many solutions out there that track employee engagement, however they don’t connect this feedback with a specific process or project.The Pulser’s unique value proposition is the combination of a great user experience that makes the most out of the team’s insights, and a well thought reporting interface to support the project managers using predictive analytics and simulation modelling. Users can give feedback smoothly, quickly, in a fun and engaging way, using emojis, answering surprise questions, getting reactions from their project managers on comments and answers. On the other side, admins can easily set pulses frequency and interpret data and answers. They can compare pulses between teams or types of projects, people, time periods, create shareable reports to increase transparency, identify correlations, e.g. person’s performance per project, per team, react instantly, identify next steps and engage with their teams. We created a feedback tool that matches perfectly to all projects or teams. All in all, it’s design led, data backed, beautifully engineered.
We love to describe The Pulser as the brand new, pocket-size, team retrospectives’ little brother. So every team out there, even the tiniest one, could be a potential user. We know that time and engagement are our main advantages in regards to any other feedback collection process, so we are confident enough to say that the tool has a high growth potential to any market and sector.Among our competitors we could point out the all-inclusive people operations platforms since many companies prefer a single point of truth when it comes to organizational design. Although The Pulser is a self-serve product, it may require heavy support and human resources from our side until the habit of giving feedback sticks in its potential users. In addition, we see a lot of future costs in two different areas: firstly, in customer acquisition and secondly, in the fast product growth in order to accommodate more user needs.
The mentality of giving and receiving feedback in the workplace should grow organically within teams but in reality it doesn’t. Fragile egos, miscommunication, lack of transparency and poor timing are considered among the different challenges teams face, ending up blocking the employees’ growth. But why do teams need it? Because structured and organized feedback can definitely increase effectiveness, measure productivity and better engage team members. Why do project managers and companies need it? To get the best out of their teams, to set goals and objectives based on quantitative and qualitative results and even receive guidance on the next steps of their projects. In REBORRN, we believe that there is a way to get regular and valuable feedback that still remains fun and can take less than 4’. So, we combined our Product, Organizational and Data expertise to create a spin-off digital product, “The Pulser”, to face those challenges.