We are young, tech savvy, extremely product focused, with proven knowledge in creating great tech from scratch. We have experience in the industries we are focusing on and a great network.
Readnet Publications is not raising money at the moment.
We already have growing communities using our products and deals with universities that give us enough revenue to keep going. This is extremely valuable since we are at our seed stage.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
As mentioned, we are focusing on key areas such as education, entertainment and civil protection.Rbooks (Entertainment): Rbooks is an innovative publishing platform with high-quality content and a never-seen-before reading experience using AR and AI. Alearning (Education): Alearning helps parents help their children. Alearning is the digitization of the whole process of supporting children and their learning needs. In collaboration with high-validity educators, we have developed tools from scratch to provide reliable support and help at an extremely low price.Civil Alert (MVP stage, Civil Protection): Currently in a very early stage, Civil Alert is a mobile app that gives local authorities the ability to alert citizens of local disasters and, preventing tragedies like what happened in Mati. By local, we mean small municipalities.Watchen.xyz (MVP, Non-Fungible Tokens): Watchen helps the NFT community to Discover and do Research on NFT collections.
Readnet, with its values ​​and long-term goals, aims to provide innovative solutions in key areas through technology. We imagine the world in 10 years from now and we make the services of tomorrow, today. At the same time, we are developing proposals for the problems of today in order to improve the daily life of the communities in an immediate time.Our vision is not to develop a technology company with the sole purpose of profit but to make people's lives better, easier, and more exciting by having a positive global footprint.
All of our projects are very easily scalable since our innovations are can find fit in various markets. To launch them globally, we just need to translate the UIs and move to a stronger VM in Google Cloud.
Readnet aims to provide innovative solutions in key areas through technology.