As we are still in pre-Seed period, the availability of additional funding is essential for the in-time development of our hardware/software activities.
Reality Technologies company is acting as the marketing, sales, after sales support partner, as well as in co-development (according to western countries customer needs) along with our Chinese Taiwanese business partners, for the X R glasses type products and other related items We are also collaborating with software application providers both in Europe and in China, in order to supply software in many promising business areas, combined with hardware offering XR services.
We are co-developing the adaptation of XR hardware and software products to the latest market needs.
In general we make the adaptation of product from the Chinese market to International one. We contribute to the development of the hardware. We have the technical ability and training to test and propose changes to its design and technical specs. In addition, we study the necessary adaptations in software in order that hardware and software combinations will be available in European market in congruence with European standards. As another focus we cooperate with european innovative software companies for medical services, to create a VR medical services ecosystem. We are also employing a person in Netherlands for Northern Europe who makes the daily communication with prospective customers and by analyzing their feedback we make necessary improvements to the product.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
We have made co-development an integral element of our business model, building a strategy for continuous cross-enterprise development. We have grasped that R&D strategy has become inseparable from value-chain participation strategy, and have developed processes for forming and managing deep collaborative relationships in this field. As a consequence we have created a knowledge base with technological and product information for our large potential customers which we keep it updated thoroughly.
Our solutions offer a whole new definition of XR glasses concentrating all the specifications to an ultra-light, comfortable and easy to wear but powerful and high-tech device. Our standalone AR system runs Android operating system and has an independent power supply. It allows touch control, making the experience easier. In other words, our AR system is ultra-thin and powerful. It can work independently of your smartphone and through wifi spot gives you the ability to have AR experiences anywhere and anytime. The applications are limitless. Culture & Civilizations, Museums & Galleries, Industrial/Engineering, Transportation, Tourism, Education, Telecoms. We believe this solution will become the de facto standard of the AR industry in the future. The marketplace for augmented fact will leap to 60 billion in 2023 pushed with the advances in interplay among the person and AR devices, according to ReportsnReports The worldwide Augmented Reality ( marketplace length is predicted to reach 100 Billion by 2024 and 332 60 Billion in 2028 in keeping with today’s evaluation with the aid of using Emergen Research.
CEO: Successful financial director for many years in big companies, provides the required leadership.Business Development: With very big experience in new technologies development, tracks new markets and emerging trends, communicates daily with China counterparts.COO: With big experience in mobile and consumer markets, is implementing policies and operations.Digital Tech Engineer: Combining IT engineering tech knowledge and B2B sales experience, serves potential customers by identifying their requirements and needed adaptations of products and services.Sales Manager: Residing in Netherlands, makes daily contacts with potential customers.Medical Consultant: With sound medical background in order to have critical role in our medical VR activitiesWe have to convince prospective customers that XR applications & products will be an integral part of the technological platforms for enterprise & consumer uses. It is obvious that there is lack of sleek products that allow XR experiences with the highest mobility and connectivity abilities. We target our efforts to educate the appropriate people in our potential customers, and give to them the vision for the future applications in their businesses and how this affects the growth and innovation of their organizations.