RECYCGLOBE is the first Greek company which supplies private or municipal companies activated in collecting and treating waste (liquids and solids) with a innovative software and hardware tools DEDICATED TO IMPROVING WASTE & RECYCLING MANAGEMENT We has developed the first online waste management platform that connects directly raw material providers with waste collectors (Private Companies-Municipalities). At the same time we design, develop and manufacture various types of sensors either for collection bins either for peripheral machines or vehicles which are involved in the process of collection and processing of waste and recyclable materials.The entire range of IoT tools are designed so that they can be easily connected to the existing collection and processing equipment available to MUNICIPALITIES and private companies, and sends real-time varioustypes of data to the online waste management platform. Recycglobe is an holisticwaste management system that drastically reduces the operation cost of waste management , because with minimum cost ,ensure targeted collection of clean and segregated materials at source and enable the estimation of the volume and value of any kind of material . The systematic use of all our tools in combination with the historical data that we hold in our server, makes the system a key decision-making tool.
Recognizing the growing demands in the field of waste and recyclable materials management, RECYCGLOBE has created a new smart system called recycSPOT ™ which acts as a substation for individual smart systems that can be connected to a bin network.RecycSPOT ™ is a versatile terminal equipment that can be installed in a bucket, a green corner or a green spot to connect individual telematics tools such as sensors for weighing, fullness, citizen recognition or other devices that interact with these systems.RecycSPOT plays the role of local device manager minimizing telecommunication costs in sending data to individual devices.This unique advantage enables our customers •to have a holistic approach to waste management•to be able to utilize existing equipment •to create the conditions to make their equipment smart •and to integrate these systems with third partiesOur digital solution connects citizens who dispose of recyclable materials with private or municipal collection companies.We gather and support the existing recycling activities on an online platform giving financial incentives and amplifying recyclers’ engagement.Through these tools we achieve that •the collection of recyclables is in good condition, •the increase of the volume and the value of recycled materials •The citizens remain committed to the system through the reward
in 2015, Recycglobe started on the incubator of the EGG program (www.theegg.gr/en/) after a three-round contest. We received two Innovation Awards (Eurobank- ‎€4000 and The Hellenic Initiative-US $7000) on December 2015. Thanks to our extraordinary performance towards the KPIs of the program, we remained in the EGG program in 2016. In 2016 we participated in Climate Launchpad and we advanced at the Climate-KIC stage 2, where we completed the prototype of the smart bin sensor using the award (‎€15.000). Then we participated at Climate-KIC stage 3 and we received a grand of ‎€30.000)We have already install our products in many container types as a pilot.We have already 2 municipalities as customers.Municipality of ILIOUPOLI 45 sensors, Municipality of rethimno 30 sensors . Private company RAM EUROPE 100 sensorsWe are ready to provide our services to potential customers (municipalities or private companies) and apply them to basic and neighborhood green point or mobile green point
SOPHISTICATED TECHNOLOGIES DEDICATED TO IMPROVING WASTE & RECYCLING MANAGEMENT
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
We are an ambitious knowledgeable and trained team. We have invested time and money in this company and our aim is the success of the business plan. Everyone is focused on the ultimate goal of the project, while also digging into the under-lying details. We are a flexible team because our feed of knowledge covers the field of both the marketing environment and the web technology. Mr. Astridis is visual communication marketer-is responsible for the strategic planning and the financial management. Mrs. M. Tzavellou is Biochemist–Biotechnologist M.Sc.- is responsible for the R&D. Mrs. Agrafioti (M.Sc. in Informatics & Telematics) - monitors the proper function of the platform. Mr. Koumantarakis (M.Sc. information technology)-builds intranet and internet web applications. Mr. Barmpakos (Electronics Engineer M.Sc.)-develops additional features in firmware. Mr. Kaltakis is electronic engineer-is responsible for the design and implementation of the peripheral device.
The online waste management system sends and receives data analytics from•recycSence that is anIot devices through wireless data transmission, allowing companies to observe in real time the flow of materials, to calculate their volume and value, to streamline the recovery process and to obtain material in good acceptable conditions, by reducing the operation cost drastically makes the process easy, directly accessible and with rewarding result through:•recycAPP that is dedicated to Collection door to door.Citizen through the mobile app, scans the label barcode of product and measures the kind and the weight of material.•recyCARD for Collection to Green point.Collector identifies the citizen when deliver the products to a green spot•recycPATCH for Collection from bins.Citizens places a patch with a barcode on any bag and it is subsequently identified at the stage of materials’ sorting.Any amount of materials provided by users are converted to points which can be cash out in shopWe offer also a complex systems which combine state of the art technology and computer science , support and monitor the processes of service provision.•recycGPS is a Positioning system designed to monitor the various types of waste collection vehicle •recycWA.WE is a fully automated waste weighing system for waste collection vehicles•recycROUTE is route optimization system that reduce the time and the cost of collection
We need for the next two years 500.000 euro to cover the gap of the cash flow. The critical moment for the next three years will be the financing gap on the sector of the salaries and the operation cost of our company. Specifically we need funding to cover the cost of marketing and to support the cost of the sales. Note here that our company has already customers such as private companies and municipalities which have already made an order. Finally, for the two next year we must procced to the serious steps on the R&D sector so as to be able to observe the the evolution of the rising market.