• The releaz team has been working on the concept and its implementation for the past nine months and is aiming to launch the fully functional platform within Q3 2021.• The releaz product development team is in the process of developing the platform (UI/UX) including both its proprietary software and the platform functionality. • The releaz business development team is building relationships with key feeders on both the demand side and the supply side. • The releaz operations team is onboarding releaz sellers to achieve information transparency and presentational consistency in the platform and ensuring that a number of properties matching the releaz criteria would be available on the platform upon launch.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
The releaz platform bridges the gap between property owners and investors by reshaping digitally the traditional sale and purchase process.
We are always seeking smart capital that will help us accelerate our product and scale our business.
Digitization and online authentication of previously manual and time consuming processes allow for quick and easy due diligence and transaction closing; focus to an end-to-end technology solution that digitizes the sale and purchase process. releaz will use Greece as its testing ground. releaz plans on expanding its business model to other European countries as soon as proof of concept is achieved.
We're a passionate team of real estate professionals and entrepreneurs specializing in investment sourcing, financial architecture, technology and asset management. We leverage on our skillset and experience to create and grow a unique easy-to-use real estate technology platform. Our dedicated team is supported by accredited experts in real estate valuation and construction/project management as well as legal advisors with whom we operate as an integrated team to provide you with seamless customer service and support.