The rental of such items these days can be achieved only through the use of rental shops (direct competitor) or by exchanging items with close friends (indirect competitor). When compared to our solution, rental shops are more inflexible both in terms of the variety of items they can supply and their ability to scale up. These limitations stem from the fact that in this business model the rental shops are also in fact the suppliers. This means that they face: A) Higher capex costs in terms of the product procurement and storage.B) Further costs in the form of a physical store. The higher risks associated with that process often translate to rental shops specialising only in a certain market segment. In addition, these factors also contribute to a higher difficulty of scaling up, with many rental shops operating only locally/regionally. In contrast, our solution provides an aggregated view of available items across all market segments in a single place that can be easily filtered based on area, cost, and availability of the requested item.
We offer a platform that facilitates the act of borrowing and lending items between two parties. Our role in this interaction is purely that of the intermediary. Firstly, we provide the digital space in which this transaction occurs. Secondly, we aid in the establishment of trust in any rental transaction. Lastly, our responsibilities include ensuring that timely delivery and return of items is carried out successfully.
We are on the way for a Pree seed Funding Round in order to achieve more markets and technical needs.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Renthis2me Private Company was established as a legal entity in Greece in August 2021 to provide a platform where users can rentitems from others or rent-out their own. In a single phrase, we could be characterized as the "Airbnb'' for items. In essence, we are looking to establish an online marketplace that bridges the gap between the supply and demand of rental items. Renthis2me has received grants of 15K Euros. Participate in several national and European startup competitions and Accelerators, 3rd place at Youth entrepreneurship Club, OK!thess,EIT Digital Venture Program 2021, National bank of Greece business seeds, and Archimedes. Our customers can be segregated into two broad categories, the renters and the owners. Owners would use our platform in order to gain smart money from temporarily shelved products that they own also, owners would typically be individuals but in some cases could even be rental shops in need of an extra source of revenue. Renters would be young people, those looking to live new experiences to the fullest, such as a vacation or a party, through the procurement of certain products, such as speakers or ski equipment. Our Vision is to create a world where everything is for share, a world where everything belongs to you.We want to change consumers' habits and face overconsumption.Our Mission is to achieve that money does not be an obstacle to human wishes.
Our team consists of two founders. We have known each other for almost 8 years. As a result, we have come to know our strengths and weakness over the years.A)Aris Kefalogiannis - CEO: I have obtained a ‘Business Administration and Management’ degree with a minor in Marketing from the ‘University of Macedonia’. At the same time, I sought to improve my digital skills in order to sharpen my marketing knowledge on the use of modern digital tools. I accomplished this through completing several digital marketing courses and by participating in a Digital Camp organized by Google in Athens. The expertise gained from these experiences coupled with my strong interpersonal skills is what makes me best suited for management.B)Christoforos Venetsanakis - CFO: My passion for business and mathematics has led me to pursue a degree in ‘Economics' at the ‘Kapodistrian University in Athens. The expertise I have accumulated over the years in the fields of finance, economics and accounting makes me best suited for the financial management of Renthis2me. My team and I believe that my analytical thinking is my secret power. We have also established collaborations with individuals external to our company. The purpose of these collaborations ranges from interactions of advisory nature to product development outsourcing. The key external contributors we are working with are a legal advisor, a developer,an accountant and a team coach.
We offer a platform that facilitates the act of borrowing and lending items between two parties.