ESGenius! has already achieved a significant amount of traction, as companies and organizations have shown great interest in our ESG and Sustainability services. Last year, the company achieved a turnover of 210.051 €, whilst having 45 paying customers in sustainable finance and sustainability policy making projects. 40% of them come from the public sector, with the rest being SMEs. Turnover has grown by over 100% in the last 3 years, while personnel grew by 80%. Our company has aided customers in accessing a significant amount of funds and investments in the last year, while optimizing operational efficiencies for a positive environmental impact.
ESGenius! is an automated, cloud based ESG management platform (SaaS) that helps users establish baselines, develop KPIs, track progress, and share pragmatic ESG ratings with stakeholders & investors, developed by ResNovae’s team of ESG experts. When building sustainability through ESG criteria, businesses can become more profitable and inclusive, while reducing their carbon footprint and mitigating climate change risk. By aligning their business practices with ESG (Environmental, Social & Governance) criteria, businesses can identify best practices and adopt action plans and policies that are the most beneficial to the company’s mid-term and long-term value creation, as well as its ability to be eligible for Green Financing. Moreover, they can utilize ESG ratings to align their sustainability actions with international frameworks and standards. Thus, connecting decision making to real, pragmatic financial metrics through Cost-Benefit Analysis (CBA) and financial projections.
ESGenius!’ innovation lies within the way it approaches ESG evaluation, as we understand that every sector and every client has different needs and a different budget to allocate towards improving ESG performance. ESGenius incorporates cost-benefit analysis (CBA) and Artificial intelligence (AI) to determine the appropriate framework and compile the most cost-effective action plan that is especially tailored for each company, considering its size and budget. This business process is unique to the market and can make an impact by spreading awareness and widening the ESG Asset Market.The ESGenius! platform uses Artificial Intelligence (AI) algorithm is constantly evolving and improving the proposed policies and action plan, establishing ESGenius! as the smartest ESG management platform in the market. AI is built on Microsoft Azure AI, and Tensorflow / Python, while the platform uses C# and Dot.Net Core 3.1 on the backend and JavaScript & React.is on the frontend. Database is managed by MSSQL & Microsoft SQL Server.In the next five (5) years more than 250 billion euros will be invested in sustainability from the EC alone. Considering this, and the increased interest in ESG investments from private investors, there will be a big influx of funds for companies to claim, considering they improve their ESG rating. ESGenius! will support and aid companies in claiming these funds. ESGenius! is offered as a SaaS platform with an annual subscription, tiered in three plans.
ESGenius!, Simple, Pragmatic & Smart ESG Management. Developed by ResNovae PC
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Our main competitive advantage lies within our people Behind the development of the platform are mainly engineers, sustainability experts, IT experts and business analysts that can approach ESG in a concise, methodical, and most of all mathematical way, to solve the equation behind ESG using real data. The algorithm includes unique, sophisticated calculations that consider the financial feasibility of action plans and the specifics of each industry, combined with an automated and customized data acquisition model that provide a reliable result. Main team members: - Dr. Nikolaos Kakogiannis. BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT. Electrical Engineer NTUA, PhD. Project Leader. Experienced entrepreneur with knowledge in sustainability policy making, business development, and project management. Member of the National Working Group on Sustainable Financing. Board Member of National Association of Electrical and Mechanical Engineers.- Aspa Feliou, BUSINESS ANALYST. Civil Engineer NTUA, Engineering & Finance MSc, UCLEngineer with expertise in entrepreneurial finance, and vast experience in developing sustainable finance projects. ESG and SDG expert. Responsible for engineering the core functions of the platform.- Konstantinos Stouris, SUSTAINABILITY. Civil Engineer NTUA, Environmental Engineer MSc, KTHEnvironmental Engineer with C-Suite experience in the European startup scene. ESG and SDG expert, Certified Impact Analyst. Responsible for engineering the core functions of the platform.
The implementation roadmap is organized in the following modules/development steps:A. Develop module to evaluate current business strategies alignment with ESG criteria and frameworks. (ESG Readiness)B. Develop the Materiality Assessment to provide a guide/blueprint (identify targets, KPIs etc) for compiling the user’s ESG reportsC. Develop a fully automated module to compile a Full ESG assessment and rating report, specially tailored for each industry and company (ESG Report)D. ESG Gap Assessment Module, that generates an automated policy making report, with a customized action plan to optimize the compliance level of the organization / company, directly linked to its financial performance. (Pragmatic ESG Rating)F. Asset & Investment Portfolios Assessment Tool (For investors and Asset Managers) development.Step A. Completed. Self Funded. 50.000 €Step B-C. Under Development. Seeking funding of 100.000 €Step D. Pending. Seeking funding of 200.000 €Step F. Pending. Seeking funding of 200.000 €Total funding needs 500.000 €
ESGenius! is an automated, cloud based ESG management platform (SaaS) that helps users establish baselines, develop KPIs, track progress, and share pragmatic ESG ratings with stakeholders & investors. Incorporating CBA and AI, ESGenius! can identify and automatically propose the most efficient, fully customized ESG initiatives. The platform includes an intuitive dashboard, that features a qualitative report, the individual rating per E,S,G pillar, the total ESG rating, and specifically tailored action plan with financial projections affecting mid-term and long term corporate strategy.Our unique approach connects ESG ratings to the pragmatic financial dimension of the client, providing a realistic view of its footprint that combines financial & non-financial returns. The AI algorithm is constantly evolving and improving the proposed policies & action plan, establishing ESGenius! as the smartest ESG management platform in the market.