Traditional preventive maintenance tactics include routine inspections and scheduled repairs. The asset owners and maintenance professionals want to move from corrective and preventive maintenance to the condition based and predictive maintenance tactics.This will reduce maintenance costs and it will crease asset availability.Through the use of sensors and IoT data collection smart devices mounted on equipment, maintenance professionals will be able to monitor assets more effectively. Data collected from equipment will be stored in our IoT cloud application and connected to modern maintenance management systems, making it even easier to track important information including usage meters (products produced, mileage for vehicles) or condition monitoring such as temperature or vibration spikes. This information can then trigger work requests based on defined thresholds in the Maintenance Management platform. This feedback loop can happen in real time, improving reliability and productivityThe solution is a SaaS solution so it is scalable and expandable in various verticals
A number of entriprises are already using our services. We run pilot projects with others and we have built an oportunity pipeline.
Our core offering, relies on our powerful and flexible, end-to end Asset Monitoring and Asset Maintenance Management solution exploiting Machine Learning and AI technologies . Our overall offering, includes two standalone software products , but also totally complementary and seamlessly integrated with smart wireless IoT devices. These are:•tA complete IoT platform •tA modern Computerized Maintenance Management System (CMMS)•tSmart wireless low power devices and industrial gatewaysWe capitalize on state-of-the-art technologies including: IoT, smart wireless low power devices, Machine Learning both on the IoT devices and on platform, AI and Big Data Analytics. We offer end-to-end secure solution which is ease customizable to any business and it is also easily integrated with enterprise applications.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
The founders are a team of experienced professionals with many yearsof experience in Telecommunications, IoT and IT industry. Theirskills along with their professional experience guarantee a sustainable growth in the highly competitive ICT and IoT market.Key members of the team havedeveloped and promoted award winning profitable IoT solutions at global level. Proven track record of successful IT projects execution in Europe and the Middle East. Innovative process and policy maker, promoting project delivery optimization and operations management.
RETHING’s IIOT solution revolutionize theasset and maintenance management processes by introducing more automation, real-time data analysis, intelligent decision-making in an integration with maintenance management systems offered in SaaS model targeting not only big Enterprises but small and medium size businesses as well.Traditional preventive maintenance tactics include routine inspections and scheduled repairs. The asset owners and maintenance professionals want to move from corrective and preventive maintenance to the condition based and predictive maintenance tactics.This will reduce maintenance costs and it will crease asset availability.
The need for funding is estimated in 2M euros in the next 3 years.