ROBENSO is very confident about the quality and effectiveness of its product. Two different types of waste sorting robots have been already deployed / tested in real industrial conditions and they are ready to go to the market.
The Robotic Recycling Worker (RoReWo) is the waste sorting robot with the highest "picks per invested euro" ratio.
ROBENSO is inviting funding to expedite product preparation and marketing.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
ROBENSO has developed an efficient waste sorting system based on Delta robot technology, which achieves very high performance, competitive to the modern commercial solutions. At the same time, it considers alternative approaches to creating new solutions that will make it surpass existing modern systems. In contrast to the hitherto widespread use of monolithic and high-cost robotic systems (Delta type) in each waste treatment stream, ROBENSO favors the use of multiple, low-cost Robotic Recycling Workers (RoReWos) that may differ in technical characteristics, thus offering more flexibility in the overall system. Multiple RoReWos can work simultaneously on the same waste stream, recovering larger quantities and more diversified recyclable materials.
The management of the ever increasing municipal waste has been recognized as one of the most pressing problems for modern societies.ROBENSO, exploits recent advancements in robotics, computer vision, machine learning, material science and mechanics, to develop integrated systems that facilitate industrial recycling through the automated sorting and recovery of recyclable waste.
Team MembersNikitas Mavrakis, Co-founder, (Product Design/Assessment, B2B Industrial Marketing), is an Environmental Engineer with significant experience in Circular Economy applications. He has been involved in several environmental projects and has established collaborations with key players of the Greek recycling market.Freiderikos Raptopoulos Co-founder, (Product Manufacturing & Onsite Assessment) is a Roboticist and Materials Expert with MSc in Advanced Production, Automation and Robotic Systems. He has has long applied experience in industrial robotics (e.g. ABB IRB-360, Cartesian Robots, automation sensors and PLC’s).Nikos Stoupas, Co-founder, (Technology Exploitation, Marketing, Financial Planning) has long working experience in the private sector in several fields related to systems automation.
ROBENSO IKE develps ROBotic ENvironmental SOlutions, targeting circular economy applications.