SaMMY provides a unique set of services, quite revolutionary for the yachting industry, combining the opportunity for real-time booking, the efficiency of marina management and yachts’ guidance with the ‘smart’ marina infrastructure (based on multiple sensing devices and AI technologies). Its biggest difference -respecting the competitors- is the range of the yachting-assisting services, but also the real time services and data interpretation that complement the software in order to offer a sophisticated, modern and attractive technical solution in a highly competitive and demanding business sector.Considering the ‘Marina 4.0’ concept, SaMMY introduces a highly innovative solution and there are still few direct competitors that cover partially this area.Considering the online market, there are several companies that offer online berth booking services as well as marina management software and other electronic services in mature markets like the European and the U.S & Caribbean but not yet a big market dominators.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
1-1.5 Meuro for scaling up in selected Mediterranean countries.
Cloud-based Intelligent systems and IoT services for Tourist Ports & Marinas
SaMMY has a strong presence in SE Europe, where it serves more than 30 marinas either with cloud-based marina management systems (IoT-enabled) or by provisioning of berth reservation services. The company has build-up an active community of 6.500 users from all around the world and it has raised more than 750.000 euros for R&D implementation, initially as an initiative and after its incorporation as an independent startup. Awards and distinctions:i) FIWARE programme: Top-80 High Potential Impact (HPI) projects, among more than 1.000 FIWARE innovative solutions from around the EUii) Libelium (IoT Leading ecosystem):Smart Marinas Selected Case Studyiii) Startup Grind (powered by GOOGLE):Top 70 companies (between 1600 applicants) of Startup Grind Europe 2017iv) ICOMIA (World Marinas Association), invited speech “Intelligent Systems for the Next Generation Marinas” at World Marinas Conference 2018v) European Commission, Blue Invest Day 2020 (Brussels), Top-20 Blue Economy Innovators
SaMMY is introducing new services and systems in the global marinas’ and tourist ports’ market, similar to the previous market breakthrough success of the smart parking and smart environment solutions. SaMMY platform allows captains/crew members to easily search, compare, book and securely pay a berth space using on-demand services.As a disruptive innovation SaMMY adopts the concept of ‘Next Generation Marina solution’, by offering multipurpose sensor grids, unified booking and operating management systems, optimizing the marinas’ processes and increase traffic and revenues.
SaMMY offers an integrated technological solution for assisting the marinas/tourist ports to manage their amenities and their human capital in an optimal way, to attract more yachts and support their daily management, creating sustainable jobs and internships. It is an IOT, cloud-based solution, that allows captains and sea travelers to easily search, compare, book and securely pay a berth space using on-demand services.The novelty of the solution relies on the wide-use of assisting and notification mechanisms that further exploit the capabilities of the smart/mobile devices and the technological breakthrough of using of a multi-purpose sensor grid in the maritime environment (for collecting real-time water data, environmental data, boat positioning and behavior or docking areas occupancy). The services are delivered through multiple distribution channels (web, widgets, mobile app) that provide connectivity and communication between the marinas ecosystem with the yachters' community.
SAMMY team is consisted of multidisciplinary specialists and experts, which are able to define the project problems outside of normal boundaries and deliver innovative solutions based on a new understanding of the complex marine environment and operations in global marinas and tourist ports ecosystem. The core team members and roles are presented next:i)tIoannis Kostopoulos, PhD in Computer Science (CEO)https://www.linkedin.com/in/kostopoulosioannis/ii)tIoannis Panaretou, Msc. in Computer Engineering and Informatics (COO)https://www.linkedin.com/in/panaretou/iii)tLinos Kostopoulos, Msc. Computer Engineering and Informatics (CTO)https://www.linkedin.com/in/linoskostopoulos/iv)tNektarios Konstantopoulos, Bsc. Computer Science (Senior Developer)https://www.linkedin.com/in/nektarios-konstantopoulos/v)tAlex Patsias, Bsc. Computer Science (Customer Care)https://www.linkedin.com/in/alexandrospatsias/