Scalability is our Innovation. While there are few solutions in the field, none has ever approached these operations at a large scale. Every module, functionality, policy, cost or contractor's element, access to, report, staff or infrastructure can be grouped to any organization scheme. A multi-level, drag-n-drop, any combination of info Domain Structure is a prerequisite if one needs to Design, Monitor and Measure large-scale operations.
Started with schools, then moved to large organizations (school alliances) and ministries handling the whole country's operations. Hassle free,large deployment projects of hundreds of thousands of passengers, hundreds of subcontractors, tens of thousands of vehicles and employees,delivered in absolute success.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Our platform includes everything around Managing Transportation Operations and more specifically Student (and employee) transportation.Integrated to the Console that monitors every detail in real-time, there are mobile applications for connecting all stakeholders, with their own specific needs and privileges. The result is an all-informed, totally transparent, fully detailed, and mostly automatic management of Operations.Next to it, partly stand-alone, there is Route PLanner our second platform, that either designs the optimum schedule of any size of operations, or offers functionality integrated into SchoolBusNet platform. Along with our vast experience in the field, we are in a position to consult any size of operations, not only by providing solutions and process improvements, but also integrate any 3rd party systems and hardware, along with our own custom-designed control systems.
We have already achieved a revenue stream that covers current needs on further investing in our product.
A businessman having experience of over 25 years in Telecom, an authentic, hands-on, all-around software architect, a Dr. in databases, and a successful team of innovative developers, has produced, implemented and support at a world-class level SBN platform to large organizations and ministries.The collective experience in Student Transportation Management is considered unparalleled.
We are an innovative software company that develops solutions to everyday problems. Our unique platforms provide all the tools necessary to properly manage every student transportation processes: Planning routes, allocation of resources, route optimization, passenger scheduling and tracking, simple and complete communication links, Parent’s direct involvement, comprehensive reporting including costs and charges of every element, invoices reconciliation, and the real-time management of all operations of the transport service.
Develops and globally supplies Enterprise level s/w platform managing transportation operations.