Past projects:-tTraqbeat: a patent-pending wearable for continuous monitoring of blood pressure (and other vital signs) based on photoplethysmography-tAimbrain: Patented novel molecules crossing the blood-brain barrier to treat neurodegenerative disease-tAI-enabled water stress monitoring & management-tExtraoral orthopedic device-tDNA Screening Test: a method for predicting severe COVID-19 to triage patients in emergency rooms and target extremely costly antibody therapiesPipeline projects, since we have evaluated more than 60 promising ideas: -tCutting Comb: bug-free device to trim split ends for long hair-tCoolritsch Systems: Solar cooling system with high efficiency, to be economically -t‘’stealth mode’’: farm-land exchange application-tTerrarobotics: An electric and autonomous robotic platform, able to navigate autonomously in row crop fields and execute mechanical weeding using state-of-the-art Robotic and Artificial Intelligence technologies.-tApeikon: labelling of proprietary drug-filled carriers for MR imaging that can help to focus thousands of ultrasound transducers in a lesion within the body. Institutional collaborations:-tBodossaki foundation, via innovation forward we jointly evaluating IP for its commercial feasibility.-tSEV we jointly evaluate product market fit for industry needs vs startup ideas.
We are not actively seeking any funding at this point.
Combine investment and operation of early-stage ventures based on intellectual property. By saying combining, we mean, investors, industry, and other institutions with inventors early on, to minimize the product market risk.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
An Athens-based innovation catalyst investing in IP-driven, pre-seed deep-tech teams. As a micro-holding company, we partner with inventors globally to develop targeted solutions to complex human & planetary health challenges. Showcasing Greece as a test-bed market, Athroa invests in early-stage ventures, operating them, and accelerating their route to market. Athroa’s cross-disciplinary team brings innovators, investors, and the industry together catalyzing business development and fund-raising for its portfolio companies.
Venture Builder focusing on patented hardware in Health, Clean & Food Tech
Our team has an executive and scientific team, working closely with an extended advisor board, fostering deep tech innovation in Greece. Combine skillets in IP protection (local and global), project management and operations, business development, strategy, and entrepreneurship. These enable us to support early-stage co-founders to build their ventures together with us.
We provide pre-seed funding, especially for spin-offs and private inventors, for proof-of-concept prototyping, team building, IP protection, and raise more funds for strategy and/or institution investors. In this manner we have built two ventures in 2022 and plan to expand our portfolio to 5 in 2023. Furthermore, we provide alternative forms of funding e.g. convective loans (we have already give 2 loans as such). We help the co-founders recruit executives among the pool of our entrepreneurs-in-residence and thank to our HR scouting mechanism.