Our journey so far (major milestones): Product Development: MVP has been developed and a Primary Market Research has been conducted by means of questionnaires & web meetings with key Parking Companies such as Cityzen (an important parking services provider),delivering valuable results regarding market size, product features to be incorporated, pricing & early adopters. Users: We have identified our first unpaid pilots and we have distributed the MVP. Public authorities: Municipalities that face major parking problems in Attica Region are identified (Vyronas) and traffic and parking counts have been implemented.Market Traction & Clients: everyone that uses a private car to reach his destination mainly in highly populated urban areas is a proper client and will be captured at the beginning through advertising channels from social media and campaigns.
It is a common practice for almost all drivers to use an app in order to calculate the time they need in order to reach a destination by using their car. However, the information that all drivers miss and the question that cannot be answered with the existing apps is the following: “What about the parking options at my destination (free or paid)? Will it be easy or difficult to find a parking spot?”. This is exactly the question that ScienTra is answering through its main product “ParKey” app. It helps the user to tackle with the ever-increasing parking problem encountered in almost all modern urban areas. Providing a solution to this common problem can decrease traffic, upgrade urban mobility, improve road safety, reduce the environmental footprint and contribute to a better quality of life for all citizens. The benefits to the user/driver are equally important since ParKey can save them valuable time, money, as it makes parking as an easy task as possible.
Our key product is to provide drivers with a mobile application through which they can easily scan and have a clear picture of the parking demand and also their parking options in their destination area. The App will inform the user, depending on the time and day of the year of the destination, how probable is to find a free empty on-street or off-street parking space (conventional vehicle, disabled vehicle, electric vehicle, motorcycles, bicycles). More specifically, the app will cluster and visualize with different colors all roads near the destination according to the probability of finding a free on-street parking space or a free parking space in a public lot or garage. Moreover, it will give the opportunity to the user to be informed about the controlled parking zones and the private parking lots or garages along with the respective costs. The dynamic ParKey map will be updated depending on the time, the day as well as all important changes due to holidays, big events etc.
ScienTra (Science of Transport) is transforming science into practice incorporating the high scientific level in various fields of Transportation. Competitors, worldwide, provide information for private parking lots and garages and parking demand information through sensors. Nevertheless this information is limited to small areas as it is impossible to have sensors at all parking spaces in a larger area. On the contrary, Parkey is undertaking several, big-scale, detailed counts of on-street and off-street supply and demand and parking turnover for typical and non-typical days for 24 hours during several periods over the year, and through appropriate modeling techniques will develop the dynamic parking demand map with accurate information for each vehicle category. Parkey will be the first app that will enable the user to have a clear visualization of the parking demand in large area around their destination, which will be a criterion for optimizing the driving route and decide about their probable parking spot prior to reaching the destination. This will take place through AI techniques (traffic demand, driving behaviour) and GIS oriented optimization solutions using appropriate modelling techniques. With ParKey, traffic delays are minimized, road accidents are reduced as there is no confusion for the driver where to park, and environmental impact is also positive due to minimized routes. No sensors are needed, no installation / hardware / maintenance is required.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
ScienTra is developing transportation optimization solutions for smart, green and sustainable cities
Our team consists of Transportation Engineers & Scientists committed to producing sustainable and innovative transport solutions.