The company's products are coming out of waste raw materials mainly from the extraction industry and are produced with circular production environmental friendly innovative process, contributing to 50% lower cost and 40% lower environmental footprint compared to benchmarked products from cement and material industries. In addition, we develop a platform which offers to customers with information on the content (chemical/mineralogical) of their waste material, possible solutions and connected market-customer data and this came up as a request from our customer basis.
SE&C funding strategy until this day is based on organic growth and own contribution and investments. Intention is to be bootstrapping for the next period until we have a significant customer and revenue justification to go on a Series A round.
Provides innovative materials and solutions for the raw material sector
The company’s innovation is based on the circular, low cost, low CO2 emissions, environmentally friendly process which will be extracted as an output from the digital tool resulting on the utilization of wastes as feedstock material. The company is targeting as beachhead market the raw material sector and as a secondary market the building sector. We aim at the Greek market at this point and in the next five years to claim significant portion of the market, while initiating and expanding to International markets.
The company has already received all the information for the waste feedstock and the potential applications. At this stage the platform-database is established.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
SE&C IKE provides solutions for building and other uses derived from waste industrial products with low cost, low CO2 emissions and under circular economy production practices. In addition, we develop a platform which offers to customers with information on the content (chemical/mineralogical) of their waste material, possible solutions and connected market-customer data and this came up as a request from our customer basis. The problem that SE&C IKE solves emerged out of the combination of 2 market challenges. 1) Efficient building materials. According to a study that was carried out by the 28 Member States of the European Union, it was concluded that the high rate of energy consumption over the past twenty years (250-300 Mtoe) is attributed to building requirements for heating, cooling and ventilation due to their unsatisfactory thermal insulation. 2) Stricter regulatory fire safety conditions. Even though the construction works are ongoing, only in the recent years the safety of such infrastructures has gained increasing attention, particularly the issue of fire. This transformation in the mentality is attributed to a series of large fires that have taken place in the last years such as in the Mandarin hotel in UK and in the eastern Attica in Greece (Mati) which led to human casualties, major structural damages
Our team consists of passionate specialists and experienced professionals. Combining a diverse set of academic backgrounds and skills, all the members share something very common, they are all technology lovers and enjoy working. Capitalising on that accumulated and diverse team experience, while exploiting the knowledge on raw materials and combining it with a passion for novelties, the team delivers optimal solutions and customised services. All the members of our team are dedicated team players who bring energy, fresh ideas and creativity in their work.