We aim to expand the portfolio and expand the awareness and distribution of our brands.
SEVEN IFB is a Greek company that develop & produce products of high added value with the aim of improving the daily life!Our Philoshopy:At SEVEN IFB we produce our products thinking that they will be consumed by humans, not consumers!When we design the packaging we do not think about the color, the size, the shape but how practical it can be for our fellow man!When we develop the formulas of our products we do not think about vitamins, minerals, water, flavors. We think about the needs of modern man for health, well-being, immediacy and enjoyment!Our Vision:To be recognized as a model company in each of our branches of activity and to be a point of reference by all stakeholders, both in Greece and internationally!Our Mission:The contribution of our products to the improvement of everyday life, health and well-being of consumers internationally, through research, design, development, production and distribution of beneficial, for these purposes, products
SEVEN IFB is the first company in Greece that design, produce and distribute the first Greek Vitamin Water. The brand AQUA POWER the Vitamin water is the first enriched with vitamins water that expanded the distribution in Greece and created the whole category.
SEVEN IFB design, produces and distribute the new generation of refreshments drinks
In order to summarise the innovation of our products we have create the phraseSA.TRE.L.P. SA.TRE.L.P stands for SAFE, TRENDY, LIFe Style and Premium and characterise all of our products.The basic elements of SA.TRE.L.P are: Unique formulas per SkuClear and unique benefits per SkuExcellent flavoursSugar freeNatural ingredientsSuitable for consumption by Vegetarians and VeganUnique packaging that helps to use less plastic.High content of vitamins and minerals! Our products recommended to Greeks a totally new, fresh category in refreshments products. Produced in Greece!In scalability level we have benchmark all the competitive products in EU market and we are ready to expand the distribution of our products beyond Greek borders.And we will do that having one of the best Vitamin Water in all Europe!
More and more consumers worldwide are turning to products that do not harm their health.They choose products that do not contain sugar and unnecessary calories while at the same time offering their body elements necessary for its proper functioning.They choose products that offer a unique consumption experience. A consumption experience whose structural elements are provided by products with benefits for the body but also unique flavors. And all this in a package that implements the philosophy less for more. Smaller packaging, higher contents of useful ingredients, less burden on the environment.In 2015, research began in the category of food and beverages. The research specialized in water enriched with vitamins.After an extensive analysis of the category worldwide, the analysis and determination of the dynamics of the category, the business plan for the production of differentiated waters enriched with vitamins began to be implemented in 2016.The first production took place in Crete in April 2017.The products produced by SEVEN INSPIRING FOOD & BEVERAGESare characterized by high content of vitamins, different formulas per code, unique flavors while they do not contain sugar while maintaining calorie levels at extremely low levels of 3.8 to 7.5 calories per package. Competitors contain at least 80 calories per pack. The packaging of our products is 375ml, implementing our Less For More philosophy.The brand name of our products is AQUA POWER the Vitamin water.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
We know the Business. We know how to create and offer unique products We have all the necessary skills in order to create sustainable business And because we believe in what we do! and we prove it in every single day!