1. Giannis Stefanidis, MD: Founder, Chief Medical Officer. Giannis is a vascular surgeon with experience in Greek public and private hospitals. Active in medical seminars, mainly on endovascular therapies and cardiology, Giannis developed the idea based on his own extended field experience.2. Danae Manolesou, Ph.D.: Chief Technology Officer. Danae has significant experience in the design and development of innovative medical devices. She has worked with Stanford med tech spinouts since 2018. As part of her MSc, she worked with Dublin based Connexicon Medical on the engineering design of a novel device for the treatment of varicose veins. She has also recently completed her practice-based PhD at the Medical School of Athens on the development and in vitro assessment of a novel technology that improves vascular anastomosis.3. Iosif Dalezios: Chief Regulatory Officer.4. Athroa: Management andTechnical Advisors.
1. We have manufactured and validated a proof-of-concept prototype in the lab2. Our patent has been granted in 10 EU countries and the US3 .We have pitched to angel investors4. We are in discussion with the industry for licensing agreements5. We are developing two more medical applications (gastroenterology and emergency)6. We have set up a Medical Advisory Board7. We have been awarded the EIT Health Innostars Award for 2022
We do this at about the same cost as a conventional balloon catheter. This could mean 7.5bn euros in savings for the European healthcare system and reduced morbidity rates thanks to averted open bypass surgeries for roughly 300,000 patients.
Peripheral Artery Diseases (PAD) is a major chronic disease affecting millions of people worldwide and growing, due to an aging population. Our technology addresses an unmet need for minimally invasive PAD procedures in roughly 30% of all cases of chronic, severe arterial stenosis.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
750,000 EUR until end of Q2 2024 for product development, operations, payroll, and certification.
We propose the implementation of a novel mobile balloon technology in catheter-based interventions as a solution to the challenging treatment of chronic total occlusions. The proposed technology transmits a proximal force to the distal tip of the catheter through a fitted inflation tube also acting as a shaft. Thanks to its mounting on a sliding shuttle, the balloon acts as an anchor point, which enables the catheter to be centered, controlled, and advanced through the stenosis.