Simpler makes everything shoppable with 1 click. We help merchants boost sales by making it extremely easy for shoppers to checkout in seconds from anywhere - both in the digital world (e-commerce stores, shoppable ads/content) and the physical world (brick & mortar, print ads, TV etc).
We offer an experience that covers the whole spectrum of what we call "checkout". This starts with user details and extends to shipping methods and payment methods. With our "Checkout from anywhere", the shopper can checkout in seconds, without having to visit the merchant's website or app: simply by clicking on an online advertisement, an email/newsletter, in a chat, a print ad, in a magazine, a product catalog or even from a TV ad.In other words, we are making everything easily "shoppable", taking the customer directly to the last step of the funnel and eliminating all redirections and steps in between (which directly increases conversions for the merchants).
Checkout in seconds, anywhere. A single shopping passport for the digital & physical world.
In just 10 months after launch, we work with over 65 merchants in Greece, UK & Spain. We have signed large retailers (from 30M to 80M GMV) and we are working closely with Fortune500 companies to deploy this solution in the coming months.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
The founding team consists of Rania Lamprou, Alex Kyriakopoulos and Spyros Mandekis. Rania (CEO) has a background in finance, but she has always been involved with startups, leading positions in sales and product, managing teams in 6 countries.Alex has a technical background, having worked at Investment Banking in Zurich for years, first at Credit Suisse as a director and then as the leader of the technical team that built Vontobel's new asset management platform.Spyros founded his own company NestCargo and then had engineering lead positions at Glispa, Market Group and Plum Fintech.7 out of the 15 people worked together in building a retargeting real-time-bidding DSP for ecommerce clients - they were dealing with high-throughput, low-latency systems handling 4 billion ads per month. They have deep industry knowledge of the shopping funnels, CR, and complex data-pipeline infrastructure systems.We built an experienced team with deep domain expertise, operating in a green-field market (Europe) at the right time - a company that already proved that it can be very capital-efficient, signing deals with merchants who will 10X our GMV in the coming months. Our vision is to make Simpler the default way of shopping, anywhere.
From an innovation standpoint, the future from a business and tech perspective, is largely driven by 4 major customer imperatives: how the products/ services can be cheaper, faster, easier, and safer.In our domain, we are standing in the intersection of ecommerce & fintech, redefining the checkout experience and rethinking the customer's journey starting from the intent to buy, all the way to the last step of the funnel, that of the checkout, aiming to change completely how people shop, giving them a faster, easier and safer way to buy anything from anywhere.In terms of scalability, we have built a fully scalable product, ready to serve merchants & shoppers in Europe, US & Middle East with minimal adjustments.
We will raise capital to help us grow the team and expand in new European markets.TBD