33clouds is a web software house focused on providing digital tools & solutions that help companies operate, grow, and excel in the digital era. Based in Athens Greece, we have over 15 years of experience in web and IT solutions and are committed to delivering the highest standard in client service and customer satisfaction. Our goal is to help small and mid-size companies digitally transform their businesses, increase their productivity, and optimize their operations.Our focus is on Business & Productivity applications for SMEs.
Coordi is commercially available since 2020, reaching a good maturity level in 2022 and counting approximately 70 installations (end 2022). All key product modules are commercially proven and stable, focus being now on enhancing key vertical propositions (eCommerce businesses / distributors / construction businesses) and SaaS model.
We are a team of 9 professionals in the fields of computer engineering, UI/UX. sales, finance, and marketing. Our focus is to expand our team and enhance all vital functions within our team: Product, Sales, Marketing, Customer Experience, and Finance. We believe our product - Coordi - is unique in its offering, being a high quality turn key solution for our target market segments. Greece is our focus market at this stage, and we strive to enhance our team to cover the needs of this market as we will be growing our footprint. We focus on B2B commercial companies (distributors, wholesalers), companies in the construction sector, and e-commerce companies.We are now making our first steps implementing our solution abroad, Cyprus being our first market to have presence.
Innovation:There are few software products in the global market that can be used as a complete business management suite (for SMEs), and address the problem of fragmentation in business operations. Especially in the Greek market, there is no such solution in place.Coordi aims to address exactly this need, and there lies its innovation. The companies using Coordi avoid the implementation of separate solutions (with different learning curves) for covering their business needs, and also avoid the difficult and costly task of interconnecting these solutions to achieve operational excellence. Instead, with Coordi they get an out of the box solution that covers all the basic needs of a modern business, with a single login and the same user experience everywhere - and everything seamlessly interconnected. Scalability:The solution is offered both as a SaaS and with a licensing model - depending on the implementation. Localisation in different languages is pretty simple, providing the means for global expansion (Greek and English already implemented). As such, Coordi is fully scalable both in Greece and in foreign markets.
Currently we are self funded and try to be profitable enough to expand our team and business. We expect to need further funding to boost sales and marketing, and also to enhance our team with new members, as we will try to intensify our sales efforts within 2023.
COORDI - Business Management SoftwareCOORDI is a modern, flexible, and integrated Business Management Suite designed to provide Small and Medium Businesses with all the necessary tools to effectively manage and control all aspects of their business, and upgrade to the digital age. It is a web application and it includes the following standard modules:- FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT - Manage sales, invoices, payments, purchases, budgets, reminders, and any other financial transaction. - CRM - Manage customers and track sales. Create and track proposals and contracts. Boost sales by capturing and converting leads. Manage ordering from customers, and issues / tickets for existing projects. - HELPDESK - Issue and request tracking fun - PROJECT MANAGEMENT - Take control of projects in real time. Assign responsibilities within the team and follow-up of their progress. Keep track of time spent on tasks and projects.- WAREHOUSE MANAGEMENT - Manage, move and organize multiple warehouses, products and stock - HR - Effortlessly manage contracts, payrolls and employee benefits & vacation- BI & REPORTING. Holistic view on KPIs, financials, projects with detailed report- B2B COMMERCE - Comprehensive B2B e-commerce application to sell products online- INTELLIPRICE - Price tracking & monitoring software to monitor and compare prices from online stores, marketplaces and competition on a daily basis
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
33clouds is web software house focused on providing business & productivity applications to SMEs.