SLOA LTD is a management consulting and Software Development firm established in 2022 in Kalamata.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
The project aspiration is to utilize a set of emerging software technologies such as Open Source Python Libraries, Cloud Native Machine Learning, and innovative navigation algorithms based on graph theory and Artificial Intelligence. Over the last decades, there has been a vast expansion in the availability and affordability of digital map data coming from LEO and other satellites. In addition, the Smart Cities concept is picking pace and we see the availability of wireless sensor network development in cities based on IoT technology. The availability of these data enables the creation of rich digital thematic map layers which can be processed in an efficient way using the abundance of open source tools and libraries (Python Folium, QGIS, Leaflet Maps, etc.).
Easyride (a new platform for helping bicycle riders) will give the end user the possibility of navigating through the city in which the choice of route will be based on a series of quality characteristics (difficulty due to inclination, road surface, temperature, noise, quality of urban space, etc.) resulting in an optimal user experience when moving on foot or by bicycle or by other means that do not consume fossil fuels and is used purely for transport or entertainment/sports in and around one city. By utilizing at a personalized level the best possible options in CO2-neutral transportation, we remove some obstacles to the use of the bicycle instead of the car in the city. These barriers can be the slope of the ground, increased car traffic on main roads, the identification of suitable low-nuisance roads, etc. On the positive side, pleasure in choosing to travel by bike, on foot, or other means is maximized with route options that avoid exposure to high temperatures, noise, risk of accidents, etc.
SLOA LTD is a management consulting and Software Development firm established in 2022 and based in the city of Kalamata, operating mainly in Greece, Cyprus, Norway, and U.K., supporting technology, development, and investment projects. The firm focuses on New Technology Opportunities, Corporate Strategy, Company Development, Reengineering and Growth, Big Data Analytics, Management Information Systems, Data Mining, and Research. SLOA has undertaken significant projects related to Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Analytics, Strategy Planning and Reorganization of Organizations and Enterprises, Business Process Outsourcing, and participating in projects and working groups as contractor, expert, evaluator, or auditor of relevant subjects.