Shiplemon is a shipping management software designed to help e-commerce managers improve their consumer experience, through shipping & delivering. Our system is connected with all major couriers in Greece and with all major e-commerce platforms so that e-shop managers, can easily find the best way to ship a package and create instant labels and shipping documentation. Every shipment is different, and shipping is not a one-size-fits all service. Emphasis might be on speed, cost, or convenience and this leads to very different decisions in shipping a package. In addition, consumers want to have a say in the way their package will be shipped. What we do differently is creating a centralized system for all shipping & delivering options. All couriers & last mile providers in a single location, so our users can compare prices, delivery times, reliability and chose the best way to send their package. Our users can choose to make use of their contracted rates or use our negotiated rates. As an aggregator we are in a position to negotiate deep discounts, and offer prices offered only to large e-tailers.Along with consolidating the market in a single system, we offer functionalities not previously available to users of these companies. To name a few examples: Checkout module, Notifications, Returns, Analytics and many more.Shiplemon turns shipping into a competitive advantage.
Shiplemon launched in October 2021 and received an amazing response immediately from our beta users. Feedback has driven our product development and after 500 users and 10,000 orders we are very close to completing our product market fit. Shiplemon is seeking a seed round of 600,000 eur to build its team and sign-up the first 1,000 e-shops, become cash flow positive and set up its first operation in another country in 12 months.
The founding team, is made up by three friends with very different backgrounds: George, George & Strato, met in early 2020 while working in Deliverback – a lost & found software service for travel & tourism. With travel & tourism in lockdown we decided to pivot and shift our focus to a new user-type, from the traveler to everyone with a package. The challenge of the pandemic created a new and much larger opportunity.Together we bring 30 years of experience in finance, biz-dev, marketing & coding. Our team has worked in various funded & exited startups in Greece & abroad.What brings us together is the belief that we have found a way to make a significant impact on the greek economy - and beyond.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Shipping is the cornerstone of e-commerce. It is the consumers’ last touchpoint with the brand and significantly affects the consumer experience and loyalty. For customers, shipping can be the deciding factor between two retailers, and for retailers, it can be the difference between success and failure.In Greece, parcel delivery has fallen short of customer expectations, mainly due to lack of investments in infrastructure and technology. Most e-tailers are single carrier and offer no options for their shipping. Cash-on-delivery is 50% of total revenue, and 1 out of 4 items shipped will be returned, with very poor technology in place to seamlessly and efficiently manage these challenges. Meanwhile, e-commerce is becoming multichannel using multiple fulfillment methods (incl. physical stores, drop-shipping, 3PL-4PL) and consumers are becoming more demanding in the shipping
Our service can have a new e-shop up and running, with a complete shipping platform, with access to wholesale shipping rates, ready to send a package anywhere in the world, in just a few clicks.Shiplemon is the first aggregator & consolidator of last mile services in Greece. Our users can see every possible way to ship a package, compare prices and delivery times and make smart shipping decisions. Our shipping rules bring automation & efficiency. Our negotiated wholesale rates democratize the shipping rates of large etailers to everyone - regardless of the chosen shipping method.Our model is very scalable. E-commerce shipping needs are universal.The major courier companies are global. E-commerce platforms are also global.Localization is necessary. We connect all the local players (couriers, ERPs, 4PLs), before we enter our next market. Greece will operate as a springboard for the Balkans & East Med.e-commerce is growing everywhere
Shiplemon launched in September 2021 and currently has 485 registered users, 104 connected e-shops and has managed 10,000+ orders.Our revenue for the first 10 months was 130,000 eur. Our business model is hybrid, monthly subscription, along with transactional charges. If a label is issued using our wholesale rates, we markup the priceWe also charge per sms, per return, and if someone wants to use our API.Envolve award 2022 FinalistNBG Seeds 2022 FinalistVisa Innovation 2022 FinalistOur growth is our largest achievement. Our team reached 9 before closing our first angel round.
A last-mile aggregator designed to help e-commerce managers make smart shipping decisions