An intelligent assistant for every household, that will provide simplicity and convenience in the every day shopping lists, while becoming a powerful consumer behaviour analysis and early awareness tool for Brands and Retailers.
- Working Prototype and App development, market research and utility patent applications- Paid consumer survey for target market segments in Greece- Funding of 250k euros from angel investors around the world (available to fund the development), achieving a valuation of 2.5 million euros.- Angel investors presence to support business development and expansion in the following countries: United States, Germany, United Kingdom, India, Brazil, Spain, Italy, United Arab Emirates- Academic research partnerships and affiliation in AI
Scalability will come by the usage of the Big Data we will be collecting around consumer behaviour (from identified need, to search, to recorded wish to acceptance or not of recommendations, to actual shopping completion), which will allow us to draw conclusions that go above our active users installed base (and become the "Google of Grocery shopping").
Digitise the First Mile of the grocery consumer journey. Despite rapid digitisation of the Last Mile of the grocery consumer journey (see delivery apps, Dark stores, etc), most consumers still prefer pen and paper lists, as well as visits to the actual retailers of their choice. However, they suffer from lack of information of relevant offers (not spam), coupons, product availability and price comparison, spend & savings analytics and benchmarking, as well as nutrition and sustainability information (emerging consumer trends, as shown by our market research). At the same time, Retailers and Brands need more detailed information (and more importantly ahead of the time of purchase), in order to influence consumer behaviour. In addition, traditional retailers are threatened by the Dark Stores revolution and lack of real customer loyalty.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Currently working on MVP, with the aim of going to a seed round within 2022, aiming at a higher valuation and a strategic partner to support further growth in Greece (pilot country) and expansion in two of the next priority countries where we have presence.
Based on our detailed and quantified business plan, we expect exponential user growth as we convince more and more consumers to "go digital", by being user centric and "more convenient than pen&paper". Once a critical mass of Retailers and Brands join, we expect user growth to accelerate.