George Zafolias, Founder, Engineering, Product, Sales25 years of professionalexperience in designing, developing and operating digital projects.Markos Chalaris, Co-Founder, Engineering15 years of professionalexperience in developing web applications.
There are two main services in the SmartCV platform:- Applicant tracking, with advanced screening features that drastically reduce hiring time and allow companies to instantly find the best candidates. More details, including a demo video, here: https://smartcv.co/applicant-tracking- One-way video interviews, that allow companies to reach a broader number of candidates in less time. They work like this: Recruiter sends to the candidate an email invitation to answer some questions. The candidate answers these questions via video by using the camera of his/her computer or smartphone, within a specific deadline. More details, including a demo video, here: https://smartcv.co/video-interviewsThese two services are fully integrated with each other, but they can also work entirely independently.
SmartCV is a SaaS Applicant Tracking and Video Interviews platform that helps companies make better hires in less time.
- Advanced screening features like:* Intelligent resume scoring based on the relevance to the job description.* Candidate sorting/filtering with 15+ criteria like work experience, education, skills etc* Automatic detection of the candidate's geographic location* Automatic recommendations of archived candidates for new jobs- One-way video interviews provide a better and more objective picture of a greater number of candidates in less time. - Totally remove bias with blind hiring mode that automatically anonymizes the candidate profile by removing name, photo, contact details, age, nationality, team comments and optionally location, dates and school names.
Applicant Tracking & Video Interview software that helps companies to make better hires in less time
We are currently focused in developing product and sales.Looking for commercial partners in EMEA countries.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
34 paying customers from various sectors (telco, automotive, food, hotels, retail, shipping etc) in Greece, 1 in Romania, 1 in Bulgaria.588 active usersAverage number of active users per customer: 9Maximum number of active users per customer: 87YEAR - REVENUE - # OF NEW CUSTOMERS2020 - €5K - 52021 - €24Κ - 122022 - €81Κ - 18Jan. 2023 - €33K - 154% revenue from new customers (1st invoice)46% recurring revenue from existing customers (2nd+ invoice)91% outbound sales using cold outreach.9% inbound sales where customer expressed interest.