The company boasts a rich portfolio of global brands including Intersport, Sephora, Laura Ashley, and Bjorn Borg and dominant online retailers including Attica Beauty, Galerie de Beaute, Forbelle, Fratelli Petridi, and many more. Socital’s customers have experienced 118% increase in lead generation, 142.42% higher revenue per subscriber, 53.3% increase in the email open rate, and 17.7% decrease in the cart abandonment rate.
Socital is an e-commerce marketing platform that addresses merchants' main pain points, such as lead generation, high cart abandonment rates, and increasing sales. Socital is trusted by market leaders such as Sephora, Intersport, and Attica Beauty.What makes Socital unique is that its platform enables users to pull customers’ data from their social media profiles and use them for targeting.Socital is the marketing platform that helps e-commerce businesses to generate more leads and boost sales with smart pop-ups and bars.
Besides the regular email sign-up, Socital offers a Facebook login to lead generation campaigns. It ensures a frictionless sign-up process – one-click subscribe and generates rich customer profiles – name, gender, brand affiliations, and Facebook interests. These collected data can be used for personalization.
Socital provides a unique set of tools for data collection, email database segmentation, conversion optimization, targeting, and personalization. Any marketer can install, configure, and use Socital without coding. E-commerce marketers use our campaign editor to create intelligent and responsive pop-ups, promo bars, personalized product recommendations, success messages, scroll boxes, slide-ups, sidebars, and contact and survey forms. Socital also provides ready-made templates designed to improve time efficiency. Custom CSS configuration is also available. All our templates are responsive and optimized for all devices to provide an outstanding user experience.A wide range of triggers and targeting rules helps marketers target website visitors based on their behavior with a relevant message and encourage them to take a desirable action. Any time marketers can reach out to first-time visitors, returning customers, visitors who abandoned their carts, then specific keyword queries, specific URL queries, and more. Our platform offers email database segmentation. Marketers can upload, analyze, and segment their email database based on information they have about their customers - age, gender, and interests. It allows marketers to measure their campaigns’ performance. Real-time insights facilitate interpretation and analysis, helping them to make smarter decisions and further improve conversion rates.Socital integrates with hundreds of services and marketing tools.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Our co-founders have significant experience in running global businesses and building businesses from zero to profitability. Our most valuable asset is our team of diverse, ambitious, and talented individuals who have exceptional knowledge of the industry, data analysis, engineering, and customer service. Our solutions have been awarded three years in a row with multiple wins. With a growing team of talented professionals, Socital develops award-winning solutions for all types of e-commerce businesses. We have the power to monetize our solution, leveraging our offices in London, Athens, and Dubai.
Our SaaS platform helps E-commerce companies and agencies to build onsite campaigns
We always look to connect with investors, organizations, and individuals who can add value to our company. If you're interested, please don't hesitate to get in touch.