Autoduder aims to disrupt the car service market starting from Greece. The platform is easy and free for the car owner. The platform offers full price transparency (what u see is what u pay) & customer ratings. User sets car, picks works & area, gets instant price quotes (parts + labour) compares & books online. All workshop ratings & comments are verified from real customers. The platform hosts 350 car workshops in Athens & Thessaloniki, covering 12k car models. Most auto works are covered ranging from basic service, to clutch, timing belt, cooling, suspension and tires. To ensure price guarantee and quality of service the platform also handles B2B supply of all spare parts to workshops. Autoduder also has a special B2B platform that allows fleet management companies or car insurance/assistance companies to book online battery replacement for their Customers' cars on the spot. This innovative service is so far offered to Interamerican's 600k Customers and is unique in Greece.
Autoduder launched in March 2018 with a pre-seed €650k capital from angel investors. Within this 3,5 year stretch and without additional funding, autoduder has managed to:-Reach 30k visits and 2,4k bookings per month-Generate MRR >€30k that is expected to reach €50k by EoY-Create a cash positive business,re-invested in operations-Increase footprint: , 350 workshops in 2 cities, 10 auto-parts suppliers & full Services: Mech works, upholstery, tires, road assistance, battery. -Become the exclusive service partner of Anytime-Interamerican,(the biggest auto insurer in Greece) with 3 non-expiring contracts (service, battery, tires)-Achieve 96% Customer satisfaction, with average rating of 4.8/5.0 (7k reviews). Almost 50% are returning customers.-Optimize SEO. Autoduder appears 1st page or top3 results in all related keywords, eliminating need for paid digital. -Persevere through the pandemic: Workshop sector is 30%down, but autoduder is 280% up Vs H1-2020
The 1st car service platform with instant quotes, where users compare & book workshops for service.
So far autoduder has received €0,7M seed funding by Angel Investors and will soon seek Series-A funding from VCs i.e €8 - 10M round to expand outside Greece. Key locations currently under review are Bucharest, Rome, Moscow and Istanbul based on population, number, age and makes of vehicles, # of workshops, and market inefficiencies. Autoduder solution is expandable. A visit-survey in Q4-2019 jointly ran by autoduder-Castrol in Istanbul (sponsored by Castrol-Turkey) showed that 9 of 10 workshops immediately agreed to onboard the autoduder platform. Autoduder has a competitive edge for expansion: auto-parts partner Multipart SA is member of GroupAuto a parts network with footprint in 29 countries, that can be utilized to quickly deploy autoduder model abroad. Autoduder Platform already covers most cars sold in Europe.
Autoduder offers a unique proposition, by applying an innovative business model to an existing marketplace tech. The innovation is to combine the existing auto-parts marketplace technology with a complex workflow & pricing tool specifically customized for car workshops. As a result of this technology, autoduder is the only platform in Europe where workshops can give instant automatic price quotations (parts+ labour) regardless of network size or type of car. This platform is a state of the art fit to car workshop operations that allows autoduder teams & workshops to collaborate with customized dashboards in an efficient manner. No other competitor can offer comprehensive instant pricing for car servicing or is able to maintain large non-franchise network of workshops in a marketplace fashion. Greek market has potential for 400 service online bookings/day for car service, 200 calls / day for road assistance and 30 sales / day for battery sales. Current Autoduder business (B2C & B2B) is expected to double in 2022 based on existing projects. depending on Marketing spend. The pipeline of new projects is likely to increase MRR by +€270k: fleet management, spare parts last mile, emergency booking, mechanical warranty, car diagnosis app, parts sales. Expansion is set not only for Greece but for multiple locations in Eastern Europe, Turkey and Russia by priority.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Autoduder is the first booking platform with instant quotes for car servicing & repairs
In B2C business, consumers are reached via digital marketing channels and SEO.Workshops (businesses) are reached via direct sales only. The marketplace has a simple revenue model: For every car service appointment booked through the platform, autoduder charges a 10% booking fee to the workshop. The fee is payable upon completion of the actual service and all fees are invoiced on monthly basis. All visits to the workshops are handled through the system and cross customer-workshop notifications ensure no visits go offline or remain undetected or un-billed. Conversion of revenue to cash is close to 100% and payment cycle is up to 30 days making autoduder a liquid business. In B2B business, autoduder mainly handles road assistance calls for Interamerican Assistance regarding electrical breakdowns and books battery replacements on the spot for Interamerican customers. For each road assistance call completed, autoduder charges Interamerican a €14 flat fee, all calls are invoiced monthly and paid within 10 days of invoice date. For each car battery replacement that is booked through the platform autoduder charges the battery supplier Multipart SA a 13% booking fee. Booking fees are also monthly invoiced and paid within 30 days without delays.