It is a platform that brings together spaces for film, commercial business needs & personal events.
Spaceprk is seeking to raise a pre-seed round in 2021.
We are an experienced team with distinctive roles and excellent elements of dedication, collaboration, and efficiency. Spaceprk’s founders & Partners have lived, studied & worked in the EU, US & Ecuador for more than 10 years and have successfully launched 2 ventures, separately. Zeta, Founder & CEOZeta has a decisive role in the effectiveness of the team, where with her passion and insight works motivationally, both for the Spaceprk team and for partners.She has undertaken the Strategic Planning of Spaceprk. A graduate of the University School of Environmental / Environmental Cartography, GIS, University of the Aegean, and the Athens School of Fine Arts, she is award-winning in Greece and abroad by organizations like Google and the international startup community, also with special distinctions and praise from the leading energy company that has been working for the last 15 years in communication design. Zeta has a passion for technology and developing new ideas from scratch, always working hard with dedication.Caitie, Business StrategistCaitie brings 10 years of experience in small, medium & large business management in America, with an M.S. from Northeastern University of Boston. Oriana, International Business DevelopmentOriana, an Ecuadorian lawyer and MBA holder, with an extensive network of contacts in Latin America, contributes to the company's international growth strategy in the Latin America.Christos, Legal AdvisorA lawyer since 2002
Spaceprk is an online marketplace for non-hospitality rentals, filling the gap that Airbnb left open. Through Spaceprk, owners can offer part or all of the space for rent. Owners can list villas, flats, gardens, terraces, bars, stores, factories, warehouses, garage, basements, even semi-detached houses & fields with short-term lease (by time or day) for "special uses" such as filming, video clips, advertising, fashion show, photography, seminars, parties, business conferences, securing an additional income, while the users of the platform find the space that exactly fits in their need. This peer-to-peer platform offers benefits to owners and renters, while making it more convenient for them to connect and negotiate.•Owners get extra income, without disturbing their daily life (without having to leave their home in most cases), as they choose when, how, at whom & at what price they have their space.•Renters get many alternative, one-of-a-kind spaces and solutions that they could not find & access otherwise, in a minimum of time and cost. Spaceprk-listed properties have already hosted the filming of scenes from international TV series, movies, commercials, as well as several music video clips, which have been successful in Greece and abroad.Aside from filming, large companies and ordinary individuals have organized their events and celebrations (including online events) through Spaceprk. Spaceprk also offers location services to directors, producers, and advertisers.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
We conduct daily research into market conditions and competition worldwide. There is an undeniable need by individuals for additional income as the sharing economy is gaining a stronger position in the market for goods and services. The daily communication we have with our network of owners and renters is vital to our positioning - we study their needs and the needs of each region. In Greece and most foreign countries there is no corresponding online platform, renting (by the hour or the day) for "special uses" such as films, video clips, advertisements, demonstrative fashion, photography, parties, and conferences. In countries where a similar platform exists, the charge for services is bared by both owners and renters, and fees can be reduced for all parties with commission limits.Finally, our location services & online events will further strengthen our competitive advantage.-Abundance of choice for renters, from renting a traditional studio to a one-of-a-kind castle-Immediate gratification for renters, knowing what is available during specific time periods-Ease of finding spaces and features that fit the specific details of your vision, search by characteristics like color scheme, accessibility, and architectural style-Comfort of completing a search and posting a listing remotely – rather than going into an event-planning agency & spending hours figuring out what needs to be done-Flexibility for owners to make their space available based on their own schedule
Host your property with Spaceprk and earn extra income: Spaceprk is a platform that brings renters together with spaces for film & commercial business needs as well as corporate and personal events. We continually enrich our base through partnerships with people who are willing to lend their space for a few hours or a few days as a way to secure an extra income, without even having to leave their homes.Your house is a filming location: There is no limit to the type of property you can list on platform. All types of spaces are welcome on Spaceprk because there is an unseen demand for nearly everything in creative industries. Examples include warehouses in the USA, village houses in Italy, estates in Greece, cottages in the UK – even historical ruins, parking lots, boats, and cars have been rented through Spaceprk. Regardless of your city or listing type, there is someone who is looking to use a space like yours to use for their next film, show, or advertisement. With absolute security and a guarantee for the careful use of your space, we offer you the opportunity to use it and increase your monthly income.
During our 2 first years of operation, Spaceprk has played a very important role as a host for production companies as we have given have access to a number of alternative spaces functioning as studios which the companies could not otherwise gain access to given their timelines and budgets. More than 650 film productions (Greece and abroad) have been shot on Spaceprk properties. Additionally, multinational companies and ordinary individuals have organized over 100 events (both physical and online) with Spaceprk.Participated in- Envolve Greece (Finalists)Incubated by- ACEIN (Athens Center of Entrepreneurship and Innovation) (Completed)- Venture Garden (Completed)- EGG by Eurobank (Enter-Grow-Go) (Completed)- The Startup ElevatorMedia and press - Ant1 news- ET2- Proto thema- Alpha news- Ethnos- Real News- iefimerida.gr- startup.gr- Kathimerini- epixeiro.gr- It's possible