Sparklean initially launched its operations in a small part of the southern suburbs of Athens (Glyfada & Voula). Shortly after this successful experiment, it expanded to the remaining southern areas. One year upon its launch, new areas were added to its service location list. The success continued to the point that at the beginningof the corona virus pandemy, Sparklean covers the majority of the Attica area.
Sparklean is an on-demand laundry and dry-cleaning service with next-day collection and delivery within 3 days. Our customers can book directly on our website or via our iOS and Android apps. They can choose a suitable time slot and place an order - it's extremely simple and it only takes a few seconds.
Dimitris Plessas, Thomas Tsopanakis.Dimitris Plessas is a seasoned banking executive. He is passionate about customer experience, customer analytics, data driven insights, digital, storytelling, strategy. Thomas Tsopanakis background is in digital marketing and an experienced UX designer.
Customisable laundry and dry-cleaning service designed to work around your hectic lifestyle
In terms of innovation, you don’t necessarily have to come up with a completely novel idea to create a solution that’s innovative and works really well. If you can figure out a simple way to reinvent an industry, or bring added value to an already crowded marketplace, then that will put you in good stead and that’s innovation.Sparklean's platform (IT) partners have helped the company with scaling its technology from an early-prototype version with lots of “duct-tape” to a robust and scalable product it is today.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
The average urbanite spends 10 hours per month doing laundry. Sparklean is a laundry and dry cleaning delivery service that solves this headache with a single click. Scheduled from their simple app, Sparklean picks up, cleans, folds and then returns your clothes all within 3-4 days. Our software also automates the entire logistics chain - this efficiency allows us to stay price competitive.
Sparkean bootstrapped for the first two years, as it had been decided not to be accepted external funding until its business model was solid. It allowed to scale up steadily and meaningfully. Sparklean now got a much stronger business model as a result. It can seem as though VC funding is the only way to get a startup off the ground, and Sparklean shows that success can be sought through other means.