Sending back forgotten items consumes time for the staff of the place the item is forgotten Over 54% of travellers report they have left something behind 6000 items were left behind only in the Athens International Airport in the year 2016 The average person loses 1,24 items per year, and only half of them are returned We are responsible to deliver forgotten item back to their owners fast and easy
We are an innovative platform because everything can be done online fast and easy. We collaborate with world wide company DHL for all deliveries and we have special prices for our clients which are cheaper. We also have a 24 hour online chat service on our website to help clients if needed.
Our partners are Hotels in Greece and abroad and most of them are 5 star hotels. In addition we collaborate with many hotels on islands which is very important during the Summer. Sofitel hotel at the Airport in Athens is also a very important milestone as many stop by for a small amount of time until they continue their journey. The most important milestone is the collaboration with Gold Air Company and the International Airport in Athens.
We return forgotten items We are an online platform Through Speedporter travellers save money and time Items are returned fast and safely
Deliver forgotten items from touristic locations fast and easy
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
We believe that face to face meetings are easier to explain to our future partners the service our company is offering. Explain and answer all questions. We have managed to have many clients in Athens but others that are located in other places require travelling which is a barrier for us. We were able to travel but know this is a barrier not only due to COVID but also due to costs. In addition we believe that marketing can help us as people can use our service not only to order a forgotten item but also to send items such as gifts cheaper.