What our competitors are doing manually, with delays, with deficiencies, and at a significant cost to their corporations, we do it more efficiently, in greater numbers, faster, cheaper, and automatically. The developments in voice to text technology will change everything in the media monitoring and information management sector, and in the new world that’s being created, we want PressWire to be a trustworthy partner to small and medium-sized businesses. We want to give the opportunity to even very small businesses around the globe to enjoy high quality media monitoring and press management services for very low monthly subscriptions.
Artificial intelligence put in the service of the press office.
We have used bootstrapping to cover our funding needs.
In the short time we’ve been operating, we think that it’s a significant achievement having created a complete and functional product with so few resources that is now being used by real businesses, and that we are so close to adding even more functions to it.
The founder and manager of our company is Stelios Sakaretsios. He has studied Business Administration and Management in the University of Piraeus, is a co-founder of WEBTEC Internet Services (a digital agency) since 2008, and he’s certified by Google as a digital advertising specialist with further specialization in Search, Display, and Video Advertising.For the development of the software, the company has chosen to cooperate with a team of freelancers that work exclusively remotely, under the supervision of the company founder. Throughout the following months, after the new functions are added successfully, the company will proceed for the first time to the hiring of programmers and the first marketing personnel and executives, following a carefully designed plan.
Today, most press offices in small and medium-sized businesses around the world use many applications and external services to fulfil their needs. These services are expensive, they don’t fulfil all their needs, and can’t be customized to each organization’s special needs.Emails containing important announcements about the company fail to reach dozens of receiving journalists, which has the result of the announcement not being published. Reports made by journalists and other stake holders in the media (television, radio, or even webpages) are never seen by the company.Positive or negative public audio/video comments by customers on platforms like YouTube, TikTok, or podcasts, are never heard by the company. The same thing often happens even with written comments as well. Companies that need media monitoring services and effective publicity management services don’t have the resources required to hire the personnel or to outsource them to outside contractors.
In PressWire, we want to solve all the problems mentioned above through a unified Software as a Service solution, utilizing artificial intelligence and adapting voice to text methods in the media monitoring and information management sector. We began with the development of a platform that solves the issue of the reliable delivery of corporate press releases. Our press release delivery service it's already functioning today. In the second half of 2021, we want to put into operation new services, which we think will bring a revolution in the sector. The services we plan to integrate into our platform include automatic media monitoring of television and radio broadcasts, informational webpages and social media posts.After we integrate these functions, which will initially fully support the English and Greek spoken languages for selected television and radio broadcasts, our subscribers will be able to access media monitoring reports that are composed in real time.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.