We are in scale up mode. We need 1.5M in order to expand more and optimize our services
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
By 2025 more than 50% of Europeans will suffer from at least one allergic disease. if Europeans properly diagnosed and treated, 142 € billions will be saved annually.Untiltoday, in Greece and more broadly in the Balkan countries, there are no basic methods for the full control of allergies (screening), as is the case with other diseases (e.g. cystic fibrosis and many genetically dependent diseases). The main goals are the development of diagnostic methods for the effective diagnosis of all allergic diseases both with high specificity and the coverage of the entire spectrum of allergens. In addition, the specific and early detection of viral infections when they are still at a low load in people with respiratory allergies makes the need imperative to avoid asthma flare-ups and ultimately the death of people.StArtBio hasMorecular allergy panels that can identify more allergens and thei proteins Also Public Health services in Greece such as hospitals do not support methodologies and tools for the spheric approach of the quilty allergen.Panels Like Alex Test can recognize 311 allergens and offer a less expensive treatment BAT an LTT are unique protoccols which canpersonalize The diagnostic method are offered as a service to other clinics, hospitals, diagnostic labs (B2B) and direct to patients (B2C).
Ex vivo cell culture models stimulate the human immune responses and are personalized for each patient using his own cells. 1. BAT test for direct – type I allergic reactions. Basophil Test (BasoTEST) is a multidimensional - specific tool for the allergist with greater accuracy compared to skin prick tests. Essentially, this particular test is a process of allergy induction in a test tube using a little blood from the patient without suffering or endangering himself. This method can be used to detect allergies to drugs, foods, insect bites and inhaled allergens as well as to monitor allergic disease.2. LTT test for hypersensitivity reactions. Drugs, metals, hymenoptera venoms and other allergens. LTT is a lymphocyte transformation test (LTT), an ex vivo diagnostic tool, used to detect delayed-type allergic reactions, in which T lymphocytes sensitized by an allergen are transformed and proliferate. when they come into contact with it again. Using Cell cytometry technique, using high performance instruments and specialized staff.
Stella Taka, MSc, PhD Founder & CEO , Molecular biologists with over 12 years in diagnosis, from 2012 is a post doc fellow in Allergy Unit, Second Pediatric clinic, NKUAEmmnanouil Angelakis MD, PhDLegaki Evangelia, MSc-PhD BiologistPachi Konstantina, MSc- BiologistArsenis Christos , MSc- BiologistMartinou Maria,MSc- BiologistAdvisors :Prof. Nikolaos Papadopoulos Antonis VogiatzisWe have all the expertise to develop efficiently new diagnostic tools for diagnosis of allergic diseases
StArtBio is an innovative company in the field of molecular diagnostics that aims to develop modern methods of diagnosis of allergies and pathogens that cause several health problems even can cause death to the the population. The main goal is to offer specialized tools to the doctors for the effective diagnosis of all diseases with high specificity through pioneering methods of molecular and cellular analysis. Aims alsoto develop and validate new ex vivo methods for diagnosis of allergic diseases with high specificity and sensitivity of the entire range of allergens. Since then the company has participated in research projects in collaboration with Hospitals, Universities and other companies and has many publications in international journals. The company was founded in 2017 as a spin out of the Department of Medicine of the National and Kapodistrian University of Athens (NKUA).
Holistic diagnosis of ADs Population specific Personalised - targeted diagnosisUsing advanced technological methods to improve the sensitivity and specificity of diagnostic methods in Ads>60 diagnostic labs and clinics all over Greece and CyprusOur clinical laboratorySecond clinical laboratory under preparation