Our R&D department has designed and Developed a UAV platform (Unmanned Aerial Vehicle) with vertical take off capability (helicopter capability), but at the same time is converted to an Airplane and then back as a helicopter (any time this is needed to be done).So this machine incorporates the advantages of the both "worlds" (helicopter & airplane)Helicopter vertical take off & Hover (especially in confined areas)Airplane flight (high speed, economy, advanced duration of flight and range of flight)A unique multi-role Unmanned Aerial Vehicle System (UAV) with special design, having specific sensors for soil moisture and temperature as well as mounted high-resolution camera for inspection fulfill the requirements for solution to the problems mentioned above.SLUMAS is a hybrid fully autonomous mobile unit. Its ability to execute fully autonomous operations (deployment, operational checks, flight mission, redeployment, battery charging, maintenance – storage operations, remote health self-monitoring) combined with the embedded hybrid technology & the smart payload configuration.Due to its characteristics, it can easily take off from a limited needed area of 2 m2 and can cover a large flying area having an autonomy of 7 hours and its Cruise Speed can reach 180 km/h. Also, the flying plan can be preprogramed at specific intervals. For example, every six hours flight above the cultivated fields to get the required data for better water management.
A unique multi-role Unmanned Aerial Vehicle System (UAV) with special design, having specific sensors for soil moisture and temperature as well as mounted high-resolution camera for inspection fulfill the requirements for solution to the problems mentioned above.SLUMAS is a hybrid fully autonomous mobile unit. Its ability to execute fully autonomous operations (deployment, operational checks, flight mission, redeployment, battery charging, maintenance – storage operations, remote health self-monitoring) combined with the embedded hybrid technology & the smart payload configuration.Due to its characteristics, it can easily take off from a limited needed area of 2 m2 and can cover a large flying area having an autonomy of 7 hours and its Cruise Speed can reach 180 km/h. Also, the flying plan can be preprogramed at specific intervals. For example, every six hours flight above the cultivated fields to get the required data for better water management.
We count on inspired and reliable partners to actively contribute to the further development of our products and services.Our company's goal is to secure its technical and business roadmap implementation and eventually grow in these countries: · Greece· The United States of America· United Kingdom· France· ItalyThe company will continue pursuing equity financing from VCs and other investors to fuel the growth of its business model, technological/ analytical capabilities and geographical footprint.
The signing of the three MOUs proves the continuous development and improvement of our product both in terms of logistics and in the development of the necessary software for its use.It is also important that we have contacted several of the 412 Local Reclamation Organizations (TOEB) to resolve the better management of water used for irrigation. This was also the reason for the specialization of our product in the agricultural sector. Finally, an important milestone for us will be our registration in the Register of Elevate Greece. This way we will be able to connect with foreign markets more easily in a rapidly emerging market.•We have finished the design of the product•We have already manufactured the prototype•We are performing Flight test to further develop the initial design and increase the characteristics.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
The Team consists of highly experienced Aeronautical Engineers, each one having more than 30 years working experience in Aviation field. Some of them are retired officers from Air Force with further studies in Universities (MsC,PhD, etc), some are coming from Civil Aviation field. All working for Aviatec, a company approved from EASA (European Aviation Safety Agency) for providing Aviation Services.Aviatec also grants an ISO 9001:2015 TUV Nord approval.Our team has all the necessary experience and know-how and has already worked together with success, even under very difficult conditions. They have held high-ranked executive roles and key positions in various fields during their careers, hence contributing to the complete coverage of our company needs and the achievement of our vision and goals.
Research & Development (R&D) for the development of hybrid technology UAVs and Training Activities in Aviation Field of Knowledge The problem is that the existing UAVs (Unmanned Aerial Vehicles-Drones, etc) are designed either as Helicopters or Airplanes.In helicopter design (-copters) they benefit from vertical take off capabilities but the duration and range of flight is limited.In airplane design (-planes) they benefit from high speed and long range-duration, but cannot be launched from confined areas or hover where is needed.The opportunity is to create a machine that benefits from both designs.Also sustainable management of water in agriculture is critical to increase agricultural production, ensure water can be shared with other users and maintain the environmental and social benefits of water systems. There is a need to improve the economic efficiency and environmental effectiveness of policies that seek to improve water resource use efficiency and reduce water pollution from agricultural systems.To have better watering management, soil moisture and temperature sensors are putting at soil. This has many disadvantages mainly at big, cultivated fields. For instance, to have accurate readings from the total field you must have many sensors spread into the field. That makes difficult to do any future cultivation work with tractor as in most cases either you must take out the sensors from soil and after the work done to replace that at their position.
Research & Development (R&D) for the development of hybrid technology UAVs