The combination of the below is our “secret sauce”.Back-end: This is the technology behind the scenes that enables us to receive and trace thousands of pieces of clothing. We built this ourselves with off-the-shelf tools, for two reasons: to avoid early development costs, and to make quick iterations ourselves until we have a solid back-end. Once we’re happy with the specs, we’ll ask a developer to build custom software.Front-end: This is the website designed and built around exactly what parents need. We are parents ourselves and speak to customers daily, to make sure they have a great user experience. We improve our website continuously. As with the back-end, we built it ourselves, and will create a custom website soon (that communicates seamlessly with our back-end).Marketing analytics and automation: This is key for our business and takes months to build. We track where our customers are in their journey and nudge them forwards. This is especially important for us as parents may be skeptical about second-hand clothing, until they receive our thoughtful packaging and hold (and smell!) the clothes. That’s when they realize that they don’t need to compromise quality or condition.
Swaplanet IKE was conceived by the three founders in November 2020 in an incubator and incorporated by April 2021.Parents everywhere face the same problem: children require a constant supply of clothing (€800/household/year), and the clothes they outgrow are worth hundreds/thousands of euros. This is lost value to parents, with no convenient way to recover it. So they donate, or accumulate!Our value proposition is as follows:- We provide an easy solution for parents to cash in that value, by swapping what they have, for what they need. They are essentially paying for clothes, with clothes. - We provide a shopping site with carefully selected and freshly washed items. This is clothing in great condition at seriously discounted prices. The site is open to everyone (no need to send in clothes in order to buy).- When parents combine the above, they save 80-90% compared to buying new.- We offer multiple brands on our site, so they don’t need to place orders on multiple sites.- We provide an easy and profitable way to declutter their homes.- They don’t need to leave their homes at any point in their journey. Everything is done online and with couriers.- Last but certainly not least, they significantly reduce their carbon and water footprints.
Current funding needs Early 2023: €300-500k to finance growth in GreeceLate 2023: €1m to finance expansion to Western Europe
We are a diverse and international team, with a complementary set of skills and a crazy dedication to this idea. We’ve lived in 10 countries between us, and speak 6 languages. We are mature, and have worked in all sorts of organizations, small and large. We have great chemistry. We are humble and open to input from others. We think long-term, about the best interests of all stakeholders. Cofounders:- Sherif Barakat, Cofounder, CEO/CFO, 10 years experience in private equity/finance, 5 yearsin engineering, B.Eng. (McGill), MBA (Concordia), 2 children: living the problem- Helena Stamou, Cofounder, CMO, 20 years experience in marketing/PR, Events & partnerships, BA in Business Administration/Marketing, BSc in European Business & Technology (Coventry), MA in Communications, Media & Culture (Coventry), MBA in International Business (AUEB), 8 siblings!- Jimmy Halabi-Nicolaides, Cofounder, CTO, Inventor, 10 years in product development, successful startup entrepreneur, B.Eng, MSc Eng.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Sustainable fashion platform for parents to swap clothes their kids no longer need, for ones they do
Problems: 1. Children require a constant supply of clothing (~20 items/child/year), at a household cost of €800/year. Meanwhile, the clothes they leave behind are often in great condition, representing significant value, with no easy way to monetise them. They also create clutter.2. The textile sector is the 2nd highest polluter (10% of CO2) and has a massive water footprint (~2,700 litre/T-shirt).Who: parents of children aged 0-14Why? Reduce parent's clothing budget; make quality clothing more affordable/accessible; reduce textile waste; reduce CO2 emissions; reduce water consumptionWe created a platform that allows parents to easily monetise their kids' closets, and use the earnings to shop for high-quality and washed pre-owned clothes, all without leaving their home. Parents are paid in our shop currency (Planets) so they're captive to our site, spending their earnings there. Clothes are picked up and delivered by courier, and sorted and washed by us, so parents only need to fill a bag and start shopping.The alternatives are donations to friends/family (no monetisation, needs luck) or selling individually (time-consuming). But they still need to buy new (expensive).
Dec 2022:2,000+ active customers€50,000+ in swapping fees5,000+ social media followersPartnerships with schools, NGOs, couriers, laundry, etc.Monthly webinars & blog80,000+ clothing articles received30,000+ articles uploaded to site€100,000+ inventory value