Tamasenco's team consists of experienced as well as young professionals, maintaining a balance between experience and youthful passion for discovering new innovative avenues. The team already has in its portfolio 9 games and another 5 in development, as well as experience for all the needs of the implementation and release of the gamesThe team consists of:Dimitris Koutsomitsos CEO of the company. In addition to its operation, he is responsible for the game design, monetization and part of the marketing of the games with experience in the field of 12 years as a professional and 40 as a playerPanagiotis Papidas, game designer and responsible for algorithms and mathematical models with 9 years of experience as a professional in the game industry and 45 as a playerPanagiotis Kotsiopoulos programmer, security with 25 years of experience and 40 as a playerAngelos Roditakis, senior 3D artist with 9 years of experience in the field, awarded in Greece with 35 years of experience as a playerMichalis Katoglou illustrator with 6 years experience in games and 28 as a playerAkis Bisbikopoulos Illustrator with 2 years experience and 22 as a playerAntonis Oikonomou, Unity front end programmer, with 5 years of experience and 30 as a playerLefteris Gialouri, back end programmer, with 4 years of experience and 20 as a playerVasilis Stephanopoulos project manager scrum master and support with 8 years of experience and 22 years as a player
Our main goal is to create and publish fun and engaging but profitable games for players worldwide.
Tamasenco games are being designed to be an enjoyable products with much gameplay content.We focused on the production of server-side systems that can be integrated easily and support many games. That way we can give, many times more powerful monetization system, and simultaneously, space to focus on the engagement/retention of a more interesting game.We invested in the necessary knowledge and supplies, in order for our games to be cross-platform, maximizing our user reach but also engagement/retention. Our games' core can be reused for another one of the same genre, making it easier to provide more games in the market.At the same time, we recognize the needs of the mainstream market, the same way that big companies do, and we are looking for the same needs of the niche games' market, providing interesting games to an eager, less saturated audiencewith potent buying power.
We are an independent award-winning indie game developing company on a mission to create and publish fun and engaging games for players worldwide.. From the start, we decided that we want to achieve a sustainable model that will enable us to have, the necessary revenue from our games, for maintaining costs and upscaling our team.
2014 Joins the Gi-Cluster2015 We move to the common space created for the Gi-Clustert We also get awarded by Gi-Cluster and participated with them as exhibitors presenting PeaceOFF, at E3 We win HGDA Game Jamt We complete our second game, PeaceOFF which immediately Kongregate featuredt We successfully complete the first NSRF project2016 We become a member of the Gi-Cluster administration2017 Wild West Saga is released on mobile and becomes featured by Google in top new gamest We are starting a partnerships with Dragontale, SickRabbit and Traptics to publish Evolve, Casino Heist and Ricochet Revolt respectivelyt Participation in the White Nights Prague and Berlin exhibition2018 Participation in the Athens Games Festival exhibition and award as the best presence.tWild West Saga gets award from the EBGE 2018 tParticipation at TIF 2018 as an official invited startup company of the Ministry of Digital Policy. 2019 Collaboration with PixelReign to produce NeonVerse.2020 Google features Neonverse in the New Games categoryt Neonverse selected by Unity as model game for UniteNow lessons and a game that will be at the UNITY booth at GDC 20202021 Completion of the second NSRF project 2014-2020, Action "Research-Create-Innovate" for the project Travel Tycoon Greece
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Tamasenco is currently in a bootstrapping mode and we are currently self-funded. We are looking for funding opportunities for the faster development of the 2 new games, but also to scale our business and we are in the process of raising capital to expand our operations. We also need to expand our team by hiring new members.
At Tamasenco, our purpose is always to be up-to-date, testing and utilizing cutting-edge innovative tech, even if they are in early stages.For the best user experience and the max results in retention and monetization, we'll use A.I. to get personalized experience, while the other innovative techs that we use, give already the user experience that needs to be enjoyable, and safe.Meanwhile, we innovate in the way we create our games, design-wise. Taking elements from different genres, enriching them with new innovative ideas and making them with the most innovate technologies for a very enjoyable result for the user, while being an actual product for the company.This gives us advantage against our competition, since our products with innovative techs, have better quality and offer a better and safe experience for the end-user. While our innovate way of creating games , gives us the advantage of having little direct competition, they need more time to be done by our competitors, and so they are cost-effective.At Tamasenco from the start, we saw the event of worldwide market like an opportunity, that's why from the very first moment we focused at having players from all over the world. At the moment, our player-base is mainly N. America, Europe, Australia, S. Africa, Japan and North Korean. With our new collaborations, we focus on getting dynamically in Chinese market and generally in the fast-paced Asian growing market.