Our main product, Healthier, is a smart, complete personal health management assistant.
Our team has a strong academic background in innovation, business and IT, with specialisation in e-health. We also have significant working experience in IT research projects and project management at national and international level and in entrepreneurship. Currently we have grown to a team of 5 people. A Dimitropoulos has experience in European IT research projects and has founded and successfully run a business consultancy. He holds an MSc in Management of Innovation & Technology. ND Vasilakis is a researcher and PhD candidate in Management of Health Information Systems, having worked in research projects in healthcare adoption in Greece and the UK. He holds an MPhil in Innovation, Strategy & Organisation. A Dimitrantzou is involved in the technical development. She has work experience in web development and data visualisation, and holds a BSc in Biomedical Engineering and an MSc in Management of Health Services.
TechApps Healthier is a Greek start up active in the field of m-health. Our core product, 'Healthier' is a complete, mobile, smart, personal health management assistant aiming to help people lead healthier lives, no matter what their current health status is, by adjusting to their specific needs and health conditions. The application acts as a one-stop platform for personal health and well-being management and creates added value for users, by combining data from different sources and providing meaningful and actionable insights. In this direction we are working on projects to launch services for doctors and caregivers in order to facilitate the flow of data between all actors in the ecosystem and provide higher value automation and decision support services.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
As our solution scales and we start expanding abroad we are going to need extra capital to fund both the further development of our products and the successful commercialization of them to new markets. Our company has secured funding through its participation in research projects, however we will be looking into the possibility of raising a seed round within the next months to boost our capabilities.
Applications within the m-health domain typically focus on just one of the following data regarding health: (i) Well-being data (e.g. physical exercise etc.), (ii) Medical History, (iii) Health monitoring (e.g. medication intake). Our main value proposition lies in our ability to collect data from all 3 categories and provide higher value services that lead to the complete management of personal health. The volume and diverse nature of the data gathered allows us to deploy advanced learning algorithms that will help us adapt and foresee user needs in a dynamic way and provide extra value responding to them promptly and meaningfully.For the first year of operation we expect to reach 20000 users mainly through our already developed network of collaborators. We are well on our way to meet this goal having more than 1000 users in just 3 months of pilot usage and working on expanding in selected EU markets. We aim at over 750,000 useers by year-4 as our geographic coverage is increased and we build further collaborations along with at least one collaboration with insurance companies in 10 EU countries. Furthermore Healthier Doc is expected to be operative in at least 3 countries at that point. We are developing a roadmap to include stakeholders such as patient associations and health professionals from more countries in the development of our service, building bonds in these markets as well (etc participation in Trinity College Accelerator through the EIT initiative).
We have launched the MVP version of Healthier for android and web and we have more than 1000 registered users within the first 3 months with a goal of more than 20000 users by the end of the year. We have succesfully set up collaborations with the Hellenic Mediterranean University, Innosense IKE and the Institute of Nursing Research and Health Politics in research projects (Empowered, Healtheir-Doc under the call RESEARCH – CREATE - INNOVATE). We are in talks with insurance companies in Greece and have been supported by Axa Greece under Mazzinov Initiative. Internationally we have participated in the Healthier Home project along with SMEs from UK and Greece which has been founded by the Cross4Health initiative and we have been chosen to attent the Trinity College Accelerator organized by the EIT. Finally in collaboration with a greek patients association we have launched Pancare, a specialized app for people with Pancreatic Cancer.
Healthier is a complete, mobile, smart, personal health management assistant aiming to help people lead healthier lives, no matter what their current health status is, by adjusting to their specific needs and health conditions. The application acts as a one-stop platform for everything related to personal health and well-being management and creates added value for users, by combining data from different sources and providing meaningful and actionable insights. Our solution has the potential to disrupt the health industry helping change the existing model of service from sick care to well care. Main features include, medical health record management, medication management, actionable insights on healthcare and prevention, measurements logging and many more. In this direction we are working on projects to launch services for doctors and caregivers in order to facilitate the flow of data between all actors in the ecosystem and provide higher value automation and decision support services