SaaS for daily frontline operations and team communications in industrial & commercial environments
We completed our pre-seed round in Q4 2018. Uni.Fund’s 350k investment in addition to a strategic 200k R&D grant gave us the opportunity to expand customer reach and build on product development.The business managed to become cashflow neutral during 2020 and is exploring to raise an additional investment round in order to grow in new geographies by:(a) expanding the sales team(b) investing in digital marketing and online lead generation(c) further developing the product(d) automating the customers' onboarding process
Both founders are engineers and have personal experience working in the field.The team consists of experts in their respective fields that have a clear sense of purpose and work to achieve measurable goals.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
A majority of the world's workers don't sit at a desk. They are in industries such as construction, manufacturing, warehousing, and transportation. These individuals make up the "Deskless Workforce" - a 2.7 billion-person strong portion of the global working population. Despite being 80% of the workforce, these workers are currently underserved by technology. In fact, they are 13 times less digitally engaged than the office workers, while 83% of them do not even have a corporate email address. This causes difficulties for multiple stakeholders: (a) Deskless Workers. They are working with disperse means resulting to time-consuming processes, reduced productivity, and often erroneous information input. (b) Managers. Gaining control over their operations is hard, valuable information for most processes is missed or is hard to analyze. (c) Enterprises. Enterprises are unable to integrate into their digital strategy their deskless personnel to enable them to flourish and remain competitive.
Tekmon's solution was launched to the Greek market in 2018. The platform was introduced to different sectors of the economy to test market reception. Verticals with the highest adoption rate are Transportation, Warehousing, and Manufacturing.The 15 largest airports in Greece (Athens International Airport & Fraport) accounting for more than 95% of country’s air-traffic have already adopted the solution. Other significant clients in Greece include: Lamda Development, Alpha Beta Vasilopoulos, Piraeus Bank, Kotsovolos, and Thrace Plastics.The first contract with an international client was signed in Q3 2020. Customer: London Underground / Transport for London, UK.
Tekmon has developed a software solution designed to boost frontline teams’ productivity, through the rapid, no-code digitization of processes. More specifically:(a) Deskless Workers. Are equipped with a powerful tool that helps them work smarter, not harder.(b) Managers. Gain control over their operations. Increase productivity and improve their processes.(c) Enterprises. A solution to propagate the enterprise’s digital strategy across the workforce.Tekmon's platform streamlines business processes with minimal set-up time and training in 3 simple steps: [Step 1] Digitize the work environment. Create digital twins of physical and human resources, such as locations, assets, parts, products, workforce, and suppliers. [Step 2] Create Custom Processes. Pick one of the process builder tools available, such as work orders, digital forms & checklists, production orders, emergency alerting, remote training etc. Build your custom processes with a few drags, drops & clicks, ie maintenance plans, quality control checks, production plans, emergency responses, safety inductions, worksite access, and more.[Step 3]. Go mobile. Specifically designed for challenging environments. The entire workforce remains connected, wherever they are. Enable collaboration, automate processes, reduce risk, gain visibility, and boost productivity.
Tekmon reinvents the way frontline deskless employees perform their duties similarly to Slack, Jira, and Microsoft Teams are doing for office employees.Tekmon's technology is cloud-based and its business model is Software-as-a-Service based on a fair progressive pricing approach with a monthly subscription fee.Tekmon creates unique digital connections between physical objects and processes, specifically designed to deskless environments with: [a] A Smart digitization of the working environment. [b] A Fast, Easy, and No-code implementation. [c] A unique design for frontline employees. [d] A customized process building toolset.[e] A powerful mobile app.