People behind TERRA+ are professionals in the ICT domain, with long-lasting collaboration for more than 10-years.The team has been met during the early years of their doctoral studies. Thrilled by the upcoming advances in the Internet of Things and cloud services, they joined technical skills and motivation for innovation in many national and european research projects. The common path they have followed helped to develop complementary competences and build common mentality for problem solving on the basis of design, build, test and learn cycle. Based on these foundations, Christos and Dimitris foreseen the impact that blockchain technology could have on domains with major social and ecomic impact, such as the agri - food supply chains.Team's vision is to: Apply Deep Tech to agri - food supply chain for building trust without central authorities by bringing decentralized trust, data integrity and automation to accelerate business processes that deliver products with added value.
TERRA+ is looking for a boost in various aspects.Technological providers that will enhance our decentralized oracle network with real-world events and data from traditional systems.Moreover, our team needs expansion and support by experts in business development, marketing and sales in order to boost our diverse portfolio of services based on the Software-as-a-Service model along with tailor-made solutionsThe highly competent team of TERRA+ will focus on attracting potential customers starting from primary agri-food production, like farmer’s associations supply chain market, such as Logistics and Retail stores, and finally public or private certification bodies, such as food analysts and soil labs.
TERRA+ has been supported within the EIT Digital Venture Program 2022 and has been co-funded by EIT Digital with Growth Package and Final Prizes I & II.Accepted to participate Incubators for innovation and technological transfer in the Mediterranean, within INTECMED Project of ENI CBC MED 2014-2020 Programme.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
TERRA+ offers monitoring and recording agri-food products during their life in the supply chain from the production unit to the consumer's shelf. In essence, a digital profile of the product is built that the user can retrieve by scanning a QR code with his mobile phone.The platform provides the ability to interface with a multitude of data sources (e.g., IoT, 3rd party web APIs, etc.) and record a variety of data, depending on the needs.In addition to services/information to consumers, TERRA+ can also offer important services to supply chain professionals with the aim of reducing costs, reducing bureaucracy and transparency.
Build trust, transparency and traceability to the supply chain of the agri-food domain.
Back in 2018, the team has started to investigate how blockchain technology could support the production of wines with unique characteristics and increase the trust of all the involved parties of the supply chain, from farm to fork. Driven by their family tradition and enthusiasm for wine as well, the team has started initial designs and implementations along with claiming and raising funding from various sources.This effort draw the attention of EIT Digital which selected TERRA+ for supporting its growth, leading to its legal establisment as TERRA+ P.C. in summer 2022.