For our company’s scale up and growth, and in order to expand worldwide, the capital requirement is 600.000€ for the next 3years. The majority of the money will be invested in marketing, promotion and advertisement of the company. Approximately €200.000 will be invested in R&D, IT, instrumentation and other recourses, while 70.000 E are needed for the industrial production of our 2 new KIT.
We offer unique metabolomics analysis services of the highest quality & informed treatment decision.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
ThetaBiomarkers is a deep-tech company that offers simultaneous analysis for a plethora of (pre)-clinical biomarkers and drugs, using state-of-the-art instrumentation, bespoke algorithms, sophisticated software, own reference ranges and proprietary spectral databases. We offer evidence-based solutions tailored to the need of our customers, in order to provide a personalized metabolism tracker and personalized reports and wellness/health/lifestyle advises. Also, we have developed convenient and safe testing options for different body fluids. ThetaBiomarkers intends to launch a new innovative technology product for quick and easy sampling outside of the clinical laboratory, avoiding costly cold chain transfers, thus opening a worldwide market. Our technology is superior to currently used assay-based technologies, that present numerous disadvantages. We are at the spearhead of technology development generating new bioanalytical approaches, promoting application to numerous sectors and activities.
ThetaBiomarkers created an innovative and technologically advanced clinical laboratory for the provision of quality metabolomics-based services regarding health and wellness, ensuring that final users get accurate treatment decisions. We combine deep knowledge of bioanalytical/clinical chemistry, cutting-edge equipment, large databases, experience in business activity and highly qualified expert staff, all in a single corporate profile, unique in Greece. We offer simultaneous analysis for a plethora of biomarkers and drugs, using state-of-the-art instrumentation, bespoke algorithms and sophisticated software. Our final product is technologies and unique measurement services, addressed to healthcare professionals, nutritionists, wellness centers, private labs, fitness centers, pharmaceutical companies or public entities and are evidence-based solutions, tailored to the need of our customers, in order to provide a personalized metabolism tracker and personalized wellness/health advises. Depending on the customer’s needs, the company may provide biochemical and statistical analysis, interpretation of results, advisory services, implementation of R&D projects, developing/transferring methods and know-how.
O. Begou, co-founder-CEO (full time), has a strong background in analytical chemistry. She was a post-doc at BIOMIC_AUTh and manager of the national RI FoodOmicsGR research infrastructure. Prof. G. Theodoridis, co-founder-scientific developer (part-time). He has 30y of experience in analytical chemistry and leads BIOMIC_AUTh and FoodOmicsGR_RI. Prof. H. Gika, co-founder-project manager (part time). She has 25y of experience in bioanalysis and management of scientific programs.Dr. S. Gerou, MD, co-founder-marketing (part time). He is a register microbiologist/biopathologist, executive director of Analysis SA and a co-founder of various Bio-Medical companies. A. Pechlivanis, co-founder-R&D (part time). He has 15y of experience in metabolomics. He was a post-doc at ICL and currently is manager at DEMO SA. Team includes: 2 chemists MSc, 1 biochemist, phd and 1 bioinformatician, phd.
We have already consolidated two key partnerships with high profile companies, opinion leaders from health and wellness field. We also joined in 2 acceleration programs, and have participated in an extraversion program in Israel (EFI- Entrepreneurship Forum Israel). Also, ThetaBiomarkers is participating as an associated partners in a Human EU Horizon grant, with seven European Universities and a number of private enterprises in a major effort (436 person months) in promoting metabolomics of human blood as a tool for diagnosis and wellness evaluation (https://human-dn.eu/).
We are technology developers not just technology users. Our team holds frequent meetings and close collaboration with global technology co-developing cutting edge technology in bio-analysis. Comparing ourselves with our major competitors, we are the sole metabolomics company and the largest new-knowledge, new-technology provider for metabolomics in Greece and the South-East Europe. We have top-qualified personnel, with experience over 30 years in the field and state-of-the-art-equipment. This gives us the advantage to analyze a wide range of metabolites, covering various biochemical pathways, providing unique service panels tailored to specific needs. In addition, we already have established unique cohort reference ranges for our test analytes from the thousand samples we have analyzed. These values are not based in data collected in other countries with people of diverse ethnic/genetic background and diet but reflect the Greek population. Another advantage is that we developed a pioneering technological product that allows easy sampling outside the clinical laboratory. We are scalable up to a major extent. Metabolomics are the new market trend in personalized medicine, wellness, athletic performance, etc. We experience increasing demand on our services and for new metabolomics panels from health scientists and nutritionists. Inherited advantage of our methods is full scalable as the more samples the lowest the price.