Our platform is designed for SME’s that manufacture or assemble their own product line and want to expand internationally. By using Big Data technology, we manage to distribute product information to multiple sales channels like Amazon, Google, eBay, e-commerce sites etc. Additionally, we created a 3PL service to deliver products that are sold via our platform hassle free for the product vendor. TPL offers access to a global end-customers pool via e-commerce by rapidly deploying products on multiple online sales channels and marketplaces, selling and delivering the products to the end customer by providing end to end solutions (distribution,sales,logistics,customer service)
Our next milestone is to go overseas with physical presence and start fulfilling orders from US ground.
Offer the simplest turnkey solution to promote, sell and deliver products internationally.
TPL was awarded with 4 e-volution awards in 2019 for Operations & BackOffice category receiving the Gold Award, amongst some very strong competition.Additionally, TPL won three Bronze awards in Commerce Platforms, e-Strategy, International e-Commerce. Those awards are reflections of our continual hard work, we are very proud to be part of a recognized award-winning team.TPL was a finalist in Envolve Awards Greece 2018. We were awarded for our innovative cloud platform that allows vendors to place their products online on multiple marketplaces such as Amazon, eBay, Google etc. and our 3PL service which brings the products to customers wherever they are located globally, reducing the logistical complexity of international shipments.
We use Big Data technology to deliver product availability and dynamic pricing to 126 countries within seconds. The platform is tested in production, serving product vendors and customers since 2017 with more than 300.000 orders succefully served.The scalability of the operation is mostly supplier product driven.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
TPL offers access to a global end-customers pool via e-commerce by rapidly deploying products on multiple online sales channels and marketplaces, selling and delivering the products to the end customer by providing end to end solutions (distribution,sales,logistics,customer service)
TPL's core management team created TPL as a spinoff from an e-commere company founded in 2006 that dissolved in 2017. TPL team has been on the front lines of e-commerce since 2006, helping retailers and brands connect with customers, optimize operations and sell internationally via multiple online sales channels like eBay, Amazon and various e-commerce solutions.At the moment (2022) the team is consisted of 25 laser focused engineers (software developers, systems engineers etc)