In the past two years, TileDB, Inc. has grown its revenue by 9x and its team by 4x. It has several, high-profile Fortune 500 customers, as well as very high-profile hospitals working on important initiatives.
TileDB was created by the Founder and CEO, Stavros Papadopoulos, while he worked at Intel Labs and MIT. Stavros is an expert in database systems and got his influences from the Database group at MIT CSAIL and the Parallel Computing Lab at Intel. Our team consists of prominent scientists, software engineers, and sales and marketing experts. The entire team along with their bios can be found at https://tiledb.com/about.
TileDB is the only data management system that can efficiently manage any kind of data, interoperating with a growing set of APIs and integrations. It is the only solution that can serve as a single data platform for all organizations, despite the types of data it is dealign with. TileDB, Inc. focuses on the five aforementioned products at the moment, however, its universality expands in other sectors, such as telecommunications, finance, and many more (which will be the focus of the company as it grows with later financing rounds).
TileDB transforms the lives of analytics professionals and data scientists with a universal data platform so they can access, analyze, and share any type of data, with any tool, at planet scale. TileDB overcomes the constraints of columnar tables, flat files, and SQL-only tools, handling all data with a multi-dimensional array engine and extreme interoperability across the data science ecosystem. With its totally serverless infrastructure, TileDB delivers access control and enables distributed computing at planet scale, eliminating all cluster management and minimizing TCO. TileDB, Inc. was spun out of MIT and Intel Labs in May 2017 and is backed by Two Bear Capital, Nexus Venture Partners, Uncorrelated Ventures, Intel Capital and Big Pi.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
We are well-funded at the moment. We will be looking to raise our Series B round in Q1 2023.
TileDB is a universal data platform that allows managing all data assets in one data infrastructure.
TileDB, Inc. is building a universal data platform, called TileDB Cloud, along with an entire ecosystem of open-source libraries and tools.Based on the universal data platform, TileDB, Inc. is offering the following products:1. Life Sciences - Population Genomics2. Life Sciences - Single-cell3. Life Sciences - Biomedical Imaging4. Geospatial - Point Cloud5. Geospatial - Goespatial ImagingAll the above are built on top of a single data platform, unified under a single data model, the multi-dimensional array.