Till now our company have focused to development of the service. We have succeed of making a stable version of the product during the first year and a mobile version during the 2nd. Meanwhile we are adding new features and capabilities all the time.Our current active customers are about 400 and growing fast.
Our team consists of managers/ web developers/ lawyers.- Tsougkrianis Panagiotis (https://www.linkedin.com/in/panagiotis-tsougkrianis/) (holds 75%) is the founder having more than 20 years’ experience in technical & business leadership, computer technology, and business-critical management.- Nikos Ioannou (holds 20%) (www.ilf.gr), lawyer, runs a succesful law firm and supports development team to analyse and engage greek law rules to our service's automations.- Our company cooperates with Senior Web Developers all over the world, using agile methodologies and tools, who are capable to continuously build new modules for our service.
Our web based Legal Management Software is the only available web-based solution in the greek market.It is conducted very logically from a set of solid basic modules, connected with each other so the data has to be entered only once.Contains business inteligent for automatic calculations, alerts (sms, email), cases archive, accounting module, protocol module, interconnects with the Greek Digital Civil and Criminal Justice Portal (solon) etc. and is continually evolving with the addition of new modules.Our solution collaborates with major platforms such as Google(drive, calendar), iCloud, Dropbox, OneDrive.Contains Αutomatic search for the development of a legal case(through interconnections) saving incredible time.It is available on all web browsers and mobile devices (iphone and android app).Tipoukeitos contains document management system, attaches each document (despite the source of it - local disk, google drive, AWS ets.) to the right case.
Web based Legal management software with automatic calculation of procedural deadlines, CRM etc.Our innovative service solves the problem of organising and safe monitoring of all legal procedures. Due to lot of different courts, procedures, deadlines and different required documents lawyers and legal departments strive to manage huge amounts of information without making mistakes that will lead to huge losses. Missing a proper software solution they are not able to work remotely and not able to have access to critical data when they need it (e.x. in the court, without having to go back in their office).The problem becomes more acute and urgent as covid-19 restrictions apply and working and cooperating remotely becomes a must.
Software company specializing in developing cloud- based solutions for legal departments.
Our growth potential is unlimited, due to we are selling online and we can modify the service to easily fit to other European Countries.In greece our target is to reach 2000 customers for 2023 and 5000 customers for 2024.At the same time we plan to continiously develop new modules and add new services to the platform (ex. Artificial Intelligence (AI)).Our vision is for legal departmetns to have soon a platform that will fully cover their needs and will be interconnected with all relative available platforms.Also we are planning to provide extra services not only online so as to fulfill every single requirement of law offices (digitization, technical support etc)Funding of our company will accelerate the achievement of the above objectives.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Our startup provides the only web-based platform, which is modular and easily adjustable from 1 to many users giving the proper permissions to each one.Innovations occurs of bringing together in one platform all the tools a lawyer will need for his work and also for making available to lawyers automations that save valuable time and minimize errors on his jobs.Using our innovative platform a laywer can work remotely, no matter where he is and what device he has, having access to all his documents, calendars etc. in once.Full text search capabilities and innovative programming techniques quarantee speed access to results and efficient time management.The possibilities of quick reporting are endless.Users have immediate access to the status of every case.Covid-19 and teleworking forces businesses to work online more than ever and our service is here and is the only available to fully cover the needs of legal departments.The ROI is more than interesting.No start-up costs. A fixed fee per month per user.