Toorbee has onboarded all major travel stakeholders and tourism institutions in Greece, together with a major acquirer and its merchants. Greece will soon be one of the first "China-ready" destinations in Europe. Furthermore, Toorbee is deploying its technology in 30+ international airports and 600 lounges around the world.
Toorbee's system is based on a three-stack-product solution that includes:- Toorbee Platform- Toorbee Supplier App- Toorbee Wechat Mini ProgramsThis solution allows seamless communication between the Chinese traveler, the travel stakeholder & organization, the local acquirer, and the local merchant & brand. Through its product, Toorbee unlocks the in-destination spending of the Chinese traveler (which is the highest in the world) to all the local merchants & brands in a very easy and transparent way.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Toorbee is a travel tech and fintech company, that uses its technology and business development to make the travel infrastructure of a destination "China-ready". Toorbee's vision is to build a bridge that will connect the spending of the Chinese traveler in the West, with local travel stakeholders, suppliers, merchants, and brands in a frictionless way. The company has offices in Athens, Greece, and Shanghai, China.
Toorbee's innovation is based on its business model, which uses its technological tools to connect two very different parts of the world. On the one side, Toorbee uses its technology to make the travel stakeholders, merchants, and brands of a destination to be ready to accommodate the needs of the Chinese traveler when he is on the ground. At the same time, when the Chinese traveler arrives at the destination, because of Toorbee's technology and business development, he is able to use the tools that he uses in China to find content, brands, discounts, offers, and payments solutions. The scalability of Toorbee's business model in other countries is based on partnering with local travel stakeholders and a major local acquirer.
Toorbee is actively raising a new funding round up to 3 million euros
Toorbee's core team has spent over a decade in mainland China, having developed a deep understanding of the Chinese society, economy, family, and mentality. At the same time, the team has established a deep network of friends and partners in China, that helps them to build new partnerships in an efficient and targeted way. Moreover, the team has worked together for many years and has created a rapid execution mentality, that connects seamlessly business development, product, and sales. Finally, Toorbee has onboarded very big institutions and signed business deals with major organizations, thus proving the team's business development acumen and network.