Three years of R&D allowed the Traqbeat team to build in-house 3 generations of sensing and measuring devices: - 1st gen: a fully adaptable and adjustable test-bed for assessing the functionality of electronics, optomechanics and algorithms - 2nd gen: a miniaturized, fully customized board, with networking component integration, BLE enabled IoT, μ-Optoelectronics, multicolor LED sources, OEM optics and custom housing - 3rd gen: Offers in addition to Photoplethysmography a synced ECG sensor Compelling data set drawn from measurements with an earlier generation of the device encompasses: 11 subjects, Both male and female, 35-73 years old, Both healthy & hypertensive, based on the key requirements of the ESH-IP 2010 AAMI/ISO 81060:2013 standards. Traqbeat technologies PC holds the intellectual property right of the proposed wearable device and supporting solution.
Traqbeat Technologies PC conducts high-level research and development of innovative systems and services. Its main activity targets the development of a novel adaptable wearable health tracking device including quantitative health risk assessment methods and tools focusing on the wider area of medical sensing and informatics, e-health, m-Health, and Internet of Medical Things. Its goal is to develop and apply novel patented technology on health management optimization, fitness tracking and biomedical knowledge discovery. The company realizes its goals through strong interaction between interaction between interdisciplinary engineers, product and operating managers with high R&D experience. Traqbeat’s team has long experience in implementing national and European projects, high level technological competence and thorough knowledge and understanding of the field.Our vision is to realize a novel and unique wearable device capable of measuring various health related biomarkers and physiological signs. These include, Heart Rate (HR), Heart Rate Variability (HRV), Blood Oxygen Level (SpO2), Cardiac Output (CO), Blood Pressure (BP), Respiratory Rate (RR), Arterial Stiffness (AS), Blood Flow Volume (BFV), Temperature and Activity tracking, on a need be basis. Traqbeat’s expertise is on modern ICT, smart biomedical sensors, mobile and wireless technology platforms and service-oriented infrastructures for specialized embedded systems and ubiquitous monitoring applications.
TRAQBEAT aims to attract funding for industrial product design and manufacturing of its product, build the service ecosystem to support offered services for measuring biomarkers in a non-invasive manner, perform necessary pre-clinical and clinical study to apply for the necessary certification under CE (MDR) & FDA as a legal manufacturer and also develop it's business and market infiltration plan.
Our group, currently consisting of four visionary researchers with complementary background and skills (Biomedical Engineering, Biophotonics, Electrical Engineering, Communications and IT) has both a strong background and proved experience in designing prototypes. We have already designed, developed and realised the first miniaturised fully functional, IoT based, sensing backend prototype, a smartphone-based analysis engine encapsulating appropriate algorithms capable of accurately interrogating and assessing real-time data from the device and translating them into health biomarkers providing insights for daily healthy living habits.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
A single wearable device with two applications (with a wrist bracelet and a chest patch) operating both in and out of the clinic with seamless transition – easy to use by all age groups of patients and able to do continuous and synchronous monitoring of patients vital signs paired with a highly customized physician facing portal and patient app augmented with artificial intelligence insights and alerts. The device is suitable for cardiorespiratory diseases vitals allowing for time-synchronized 24hrs continuous remote monitoring of Cuffless Blood Pressure, Heart rate, Heart Rate Variability, Respiratory rate, Oxygen saturation (SpO2), Skin Temperature and Activity tracking/ recognition allowing for 3-7-day monitoring on a single charge.
Development of novel adaptable wearable health tracking sensors and health monitoring applications
There are cumbersome, non-customizable suggestions in the market (mostly recreational and of questionable accuracy) with no easy to use wearables measuring a fraction of the vital signs offered from our solution. Ongoing studies suggest combining multiple devices (of high cost) measuring different metrics that often lead to biased results and timing errors. Potential solutions do not offer any realtime monitoring platform, only cloud enabled offline data storage services. The problem is accelerating with no workaround so far. Our solution: Provides 24hrs continuous, ubiquitous, synchronous recording of important biomarkers and automated analysis in order to identify early exacerbation signs using accurate patented technology; Supports cost-effective telemonitoring and teleconsultation services to overcome limited healthcare resources, while offering patients the ability to stay safe at home and be monitored at low costs allowing doctors to widen their reach, a necessity in cases of large-scale pandemics; Enables health professionals’ engagement (public and private sector) that can monitor, in a distributed manner, a prespecified number of patients; Offered as an out-of-the-box solution. System is preconfigured, no special skills needed to operate. Value Propositions • Non-invasive, wearable, health-tracking, adaptable device • Unique set of health biomarkers • Personalized health info-advices/ improve health status/ motivate • Real-time analysis for accurate assessment