Travel Food People, initially a travel content platform, was relaunched in May 2021 as an online boutique travel packages platform. We offer curated and highly-customised packages for the informed traveller - starting from Greece.Booking a trip online can be very complex, requiring lots of work and endless hours of research. Especially so for destinations like Greece where travellers don't speak the local language, navigate through a complex terrain with island hopping being the norm and want to avoid tourist traps. We save travellers time by curating the best options, providing online options they can customise on the go.We help travellers discover and book travel packages (ie. accommodation, transportation and travel activities) online. We also focus on assistive customer engagement/service (eg. free video consultation, WhatsApp messaging, online chat etc) throughout the whole journey (ie. from research to booking to in-destination) and inspire travelers with very rich content from our blog (100+ travel guides and 500+ restaurant reviews globally).
TFP innovates the travel planning process by: a) enabling travellers to purchase travel packages 100% onlineb) offering them customisation opportunities based on their preferences/needs and c) allowing them to save endless hours. Up to n:ow, most competitors offer either pre-determined packages or when they customise them, this is mainly done offline requiring a lengthy process over multiple email threads.Given the below characteristics of our competitors, we believe we can differentiate with a unique proposition based on technology (and later on customer data in combination with Machine Learning).- Traditional Tour Operators: mostly purchased offline, low customisation based on travelers' preferences- Luxury Travel Agencies: mostly purchased offline, high customisation (but also very high price due to hidden mark-ups)- OTAs: purchased online, high customisation but require lots of research / much time
Online boutique travel packages, curated and highly-customised for the informed traveller
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Travel Food People is an online boutique travel packages platform. We offer curated and highly-customised packages for the informed traveller - starting from Greece.
1. Dimitris Kossyfas - Co-FounderPrior to relaunching TFP, Dimitris led the Ads sales team for the Travel and Tech sectors at Google in South Europe for 10 years and worked as a Consultant at Accenture in London for 5 years. He holds a Master’s degree from Imperial College and a MBA from INSEAD. 2. Anastasia Hassiotis - Co-Founder (non-executive)Anastasia holds a degree in Entrepreneurship & Real Estate from Babson College and a Master's degree from NYU. She currently works as an Analyst for Hines Real Estate investment firm.3. Igor Rinkovec - CTO (part-time)Igor holds a Bachelor's and a Master's degree in Software Engineering from Zagreb University. He has also worked as an IT Lecturer during his time at Algebra and is currently ranked as a top Engineer on TopTal.4. Lida Douka - Director of Product (part-time)Lida holds a degree from Athens University in Business. She has worked at Google for 6 years and at Mastercard for 2 years on UX/UI.
We're currently raising our seed round from angels and early-stage VCs in Europe. If you're interested in receiving our pitch-deck please contact contact@travelfoodpeople.com.
Travel Food People (TFP) was established in late 2017 with two distinct business units: i) Travel Food People (www.travelfoodpeople.com) focusing on personalised travel packages to Greece and travel guides globally and ii) Estia Villas (www.estiavillas.com) focusing on luxury vacation rentals in Greece.Dimitris started working on his entrepreneurial venture as of 2016, in parallel to his work at Google, leading a global team of 20 contributors that started building hand-crafted travel content for global destinations. The TFP website features travel guides for 100+ destinations and 500+ restaurant reviews globally (mostly in Europe, US and Asia). B2B Partnerships include: Athens Voice, WelcomePickups and Voyageurs du Monde.In May 2021, TFP website was relaunched to become an online boutique ravel packages platform - starting from Greece.