Transforms a tourism listing website from an obsolete travel service to a new innovative platform.
The company made an innovative platform that manages data from multiple data sources and boosts interoperability among worldwide data bases and algorithms in regards to data aggregation & dynamic pricing of products & provided services. It is important to mention that the innovation has not only to do with the technology but also with the business model, the pricing, business operations as well as customer service. We estimate to achieve year by year a considerable growth in turnover and profits for both Greek and global market, since our service is standardized, our innovative technology has already integrated interfaces of global tourism providers and because of this a rapid scale-up of our sale figures may be obtained on a worldwide basis
Our platform focuses on interoperability among worldwide travel databases & data analysis algorithms. Throughout this process we offer the best available price to our B2C customer, a price that works well for both parties, as the accommodation establishment, is able to fill in its empty rooms which can also lead to the increase of the room prices and as a result to higher profits. In short terms the platform gathers data from independent hotels, booking engines, tour operators and bed banks as an input to its algorithms in order to suggest dynamically the best deals to the most appropriate customers
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Funding can potentially be required for the growth to new markets such as in the U.S., Canada, EU and other countries.
As a company we have exceeded 2,000 accommodation partnerships. We have managed to successfully connect & technologically integrate in our project the largest bed banks, the largest tour operators, the most important and most popular hotel reservation systems. We have accomplished to enter into important partnerships with 4 major banks and provide our customers with separate payment gateway per bank. We have been also participated in rewards programs & exclusive cooperation with mobile operators.
Our people are the backbone of our company. Our team of executives consists of employees with many years of expertise in their fields.