the #1 proposal building and management software for modern travel advisors
Travel2Fit's proposal & quoting platform refers to the niche market of travel advisors that want to invest in next generation tools to gain speed and flexibility while building engaging travel proposals. It differentiates from competitors as a specialized tool that is straightforward to use, since it is based on the well-known concept of CRM templates (forms). This way, it is able to optimize the daily workflow of travel advisors that are not tech-savvy. More than that, Travel2Fit not only organizes and manages traveler information, but also saves valuable time through the automatic integration of data. Travel advisors have access to qualitative and up-to-date destination content, photo libraries, sustainability attributes and much more. Data is in the core of Travel2Fit and their exploitation gives new potentials. A business intelligence dashboard displays KPI analytics and other important metrics, leading to an increased business awareness and decision support capacity. By leveraging on AI algorithms and user profiling, Travel2Fit also enables personalization in travel and offers added-value tailor-made recommendations. With Travel2Fit, travel advisors have a tool that contributes to a smooth transition to the digital era and is adapted to newly emerged requirements for more contactless client touchpoints and continuous client support at all stages of the travel cycle.
Travel2Fit (www.travel2fit.com) is an innovative startup based in Greece specialized in the development of data-driven applications for the travel sector. Travel2Fit has implemented B2B tools dedicated for multiple actors (travel agents/advisors, tour operators, hoteliers, host travel agencies) across the travel industry value chain which are offered as cloud services at software level (SaaS).
Travel2Fit is pursuing its participation in collaborative EU funded and national projects in order to establish its position as a forward-thinking travel-tech startup with international potential.
Travel2Fit is a cloud-based proposal and quoting platform that empowers travel professionals to optimize their sales process. Travel2Fit allows to build, manage, track, and update beautiful url-based travel proposals and quotes within minutes, thus accelerating the Request for a Proposal/Quote process. This way, Travel2Fit enhances operational efficiencies by shortening the sales cycle, simplifying approvals, cutting down costs, and eliminating errors.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
The founding team consists of three members with great IT and project management experience. The team has the capacity to fulfill Travel2Fit's vision while exhibiting the necessary complementarity to support all associated business tasks. In respect to its growth strategy, it is well-established that digitization and automation are the biggest innovation drivers in travel and very important attributes in the quest of reaching adequate scalability. In this way, Travel2Fit can be seen as a scalable tool by definition. In terms of internal scalability and how Travel2Fit can optimize its operational capacity with decreased cost, the plan is to leverage on travel data abundance and create partnerships with key actors of the ecosystem (e.g. travel advisors, content writers, activity providers). This would allow Travel2Fit to build a technological and knowledge base able to support a portfolio of products, prompted by market needs. Regarding the external scalability and how beneficial the business environment is to expand the customer base, Travel2Fit targets a market that is expected to recover swiftly in the post COVID-19 era. A set of pilot demonstrations already took place for building a representative set of early adopters that would benefit from Travel2Fit's value proposition. A sticky and/or paid growth model will be followed, as this is also witnessed in the competition.
Travel2Fit is a Greek-based travel-tech startup specialized in the development of data-driven applications. Travel2Fit is implementing B2B tools dedicated for multiple actors (hoteliers & property managers, travel agencies, tour operators) across the travel value chain. It has participated in two high profile startup accelerators and specifically, on the 8th acceleration cycle of the EGG program and on the 4th acceleration cycle of the CapsuleT program organized by the Hellenic Chamber of Hotels. Travel2Fit was among the winners of the Innovative Tourism for the future contest, organized by the British Embassy Athens and a top10 finalist at the J&M Papajohn Business Plan Competition in 2021. Travel2Fit is a member of Elevate Greece and a signatory of the Future of Tourism Coalition.Since January 2021, Travel2Fit is legally founded as a private company, aiming to provide next generation solutions to travel professionals with a unique goal, to support the industry's digital and green transformation. Travel2Fit’s proposal & quoting platform is production ready and has already received very positive market traction. Travel2Fit participates in the Erasmus+ DGI Tourism project focused on providing Digital, Green, and Innovative VET training to travel professionals and H2020 Reach-Incubator Round 2 for startups being selected as one of the 10 brightest startups in EU for 2022!