We are expanding in Greece with more business clients and tapping more actively in the North American market.
Travel Management B2B SaaS aiming to revolutionize how businesses plan, search and book trips.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Travelr sources data from multiple sources in the global travel industry, consolidating thousands of flight, accommodation and ferry offerings while expanding to other travel service providers offering a easy option comparison and booking system. Our product serves the B2B market with customers spanning from multinational corporations and SMEs to travel agencies and tour operators catering to their ever-growing travel and cost-control needs. Our team boasts a sizeable combined experience from travel, hospitality and technology creating a unique cross-disciplinary environment. The challenging and dynamic sector of global travel is what we aim to aggregate, simplify and serve to our customers.
Travelr launched in 2022 and achieved EUR 1M in flight, ferry and hotel bookings by 10 early adopting business clients in Greece and abroad (USA, Canada, India).
We are an Athens-based company among a handful of our kind on a global scale, building Travelr an innovative cloud-based SaaS providing a next-gen travel management system.
Travelr is source agnostic, meaning that we have built third-party integrations and scanning algorithms to discover the cheapest and available travel options harnessing the power of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data. We aggregate offerings and offer them to our business clients that are looking for a one-stop-shop with great prices.Our system has no re-directions which enables users to do their bookings efficiently and manage their bookings (modifications, invoices) in one place.The global business travel market size was valued at $695.9 billion in 2020, and is expected reach $2,001.1 billion by 2028, growing at a CAGR of 13.2% from 2021-2028.
We are currently not actively looking for funding since the company is generating sufficient cashflows to fund its growth. We are however always open to speak to interested investors both financial and strategic to explore common opportunities.