Currently we are looking for the right strategic partner to help us expand the off-airport baggage check-in to the Greek islands and Cyprus.
Elisabeth Milisi (CEO) is a business consultant with 20 years of experience, in Business Development, Strategy & Sales. George Karalis (CTO) is a software engineer with 15 years of experience in Information Technologies.
Our company is based on tech solutions that support expansion and scalability - All baggage handling is done by our trained staff, owned trucks, using the software we have developed that provides, unique labeling for the bags, real time tracking and automated status updates resulting zero mishandling chances.- Baggage off-airport check in, is done through hardware & software that we own exclusively in Greece and Cyprus. This is a cloud-based technology that connects with the partnering airlines database.
Baggagement is a tech travel company focusing on bespoke baggage management services andoff-airport baggage check in and delivery.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Our company is the first pick-up and same day transfer service in Greece for baggage and sports equipment.We have developed patented application that secures internally online tracking, while the traveler enjoys a hassle-free service and get notifications and status updates that offer peace of mind. Next step in the seamless travel service provide, is the off-airport baggage check in, from your doorstep to the plane. Baggagement has the hardware and the software to provide this service exclusively in Greece, Cyprus and Balkan market through partnership with Airlines.
In baggagement we pick-up, store and deliver bags and sports equipment from/to any area in Athens.
- More than 5.000 bags have been transferred- More than 3.000 customers served- More than 80 bikes, 20 surf boards, 10 pet cratestransferred- Partnership with Celestial Cruises, Ironman, 300 Airbnb, 50 Hotels, 10 Yacht companies- Over 220 reviews in Facebook Tripadvisor and Google, all 5 stars- In 2019, Baggagement Middle East was established in Emirates, with a point of service in Abu Dhabi cruise port (Expansion Plans freeze due to Covid -19)