Triparound offers complete management of ancillary services within a single digital environment. We synchronize the booking process amongst multiple stakeholders, allowing our customers to effectively deliver services to their customers. Integrations are critical for the formation of a compact technology stack. We have built an abstract architectural layer that operates as a central Channel Manager for all integrations with third-party systems. This architectural layer is designed to integrate simultaneously with multiple third-party applications via a communication layer that acts as a mediator allowing each application to interact with Triparound’s core. This layer properly handles data transformation, connectivity, message routing, and communication protocol conversions. As a result, multiple external applications and systems using different protocols seamlessly integrate with Triparound, resulting in healthier system scalability and management of integrations, and improved user experience. Further, Triparound’s architecture is based on a Microservice architecture, consisting of a collection of smaller, autonomous services which are self-contained and address unique business needs. This architecture enables the Triparound platform to be modular, ensuring the continuity of operations since each service works independently and can be built and deployed separately; and scalable, as each service can be scaled up horizontally to meet specific computing or processing demands.
The Triparound team brings diverse and complementary skills, which set us apart from the competition. Our CEO & Co-Founder, Antonis Chalkiopoulos is an entrepreneur, engineer, and travel tech innovator. His previous startup, Tooristas, was recognized as a first of its kind and became the cornerstone of what is now Triparound. He is an alumnus of Greek startup incubator Egg, has been recognized as a Phocuswright Young Leader, and has been included in the Forbes 40under40 list the past two years.Christos Stergiou, Co-Founder and Executive Chairman is an experienced travel entrepreneur, founder of luxury travel company TrueTrips and owner of the_Petra Hotel in Patmos. He has been recognized as a leading travel expert by Condé Nast Traveler and Travel & Leisure, while he is a founding member of the Board of Directors of Marketing Greece.Thanos Karantjias, CTO has many years of experience at Singular Logic, where he lead a team of more than 50 engineers. A key member of his team was Andreas Kalaitzis, now Triparound’s Lead Engineer. Myrto Antonopoulou, Triparound's Sales & Marketing Director was previously one of Workable’s first employees involved in all stages of the company's development. Stephanie Choremi, Business Ops Director has experience working in the finance and hospitality industries, in HR, sales and operational roles.
Triparound is a B2B travel tech company (SaaS) that addresses the day-to-day needs of hospitality professionals worldwide. We provide an all-in-one guest experience platform which enables top-tier hotels and luxury vacation rental businesses to streamline their booking process for experiences and ancillary services and automate communication with suppliers and guests, with the ultimate goal of increasing guest engagement and spending. With our expansive international customer roster, our company is making experiential travel more accessible than ever!
With Triparound, travel professionals replace complex legacy software and manual processes with a sophisticated all-in-one solution. Our key philosophy is to act as the umbrella to manage and track all experience and ancillary services of a hospitality business, unlocking the intersection between experiential travel and convenience. More specifically, Triparound works as an all-in-one central hub for hotels to add, manage, and promote all their experiences and ancillary services – beyond the room. Similarly, vacation rental companies can leverage our intuitive platform to offer bespoke experiences to their customers, bringing 5-star hotel luxury to their home away from home. With Triparound technology, a business is equipped with an easy-to-use tool that allows them to centralize their ecosystem of ancillary services in one place across all product types, distribute and promote these services through multiple channels, manage all bookings with one-click action buttons and automated communications, and build and share tailor-made flexible travel itineraries. All relevant data is centrally collected, stored and available for analysis – providing significant business value in powering strategic decision making, planning business initiatives, and structuring guest loyalty programs.
As we reach our key milestones in 2023, we continue to raise further capital in order to increase our global presence!
In early 2019 our first collaboration began with internationally renowned Sani-Ikos Resorts. By August we had generated $50K+ revenue for our customers. In November we secured $1,2M seed funding from a team of angel investors from Silicon Valley, verifying our efforts and plan for Triparound. In March 2020, we topped-up our seed round reaching $2M in total funding.Despite the global pandemic that followed, we continued to grow our customer base and in September 2020 we acquired our first international customer, Ikos Andalusia in Spain. Later that year we onboarded Cabo Villas in the US and by the end of 2020 we had generated $1.8M+ total revenue for our customers, with over 120K bookings made. In early 2021 we expanded our partnership with Costa Navarino, bringing on their Golf and Residence businesses, and demonstrating our solution’s ability to act as a solid umbrella software. Our expansion in Latin America followed with Fasano Group joining our customer roster in April. In December we partnered with AMAN Resorts and closed the year reaching $8.2M+ revenue generated for our customers, with over 580K bookings made for 1.2M guests!In March 2022 we reached the 100 customers’ mark and successfully established ourselves as the go-to software for VR companies, with new customer Nocturne Luxury Villas, a major VR player in the West. By December we had reached $25M+ total revenue generated for our customers, counting over 1.4M bookings made, for 2.7M guests!
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Triparound is a B2B travel tech company with a mission of bringing travel planning into the future.