An EdTech company offering optimal access to the expertise you need
We are live! This exiting-for-the-users journey starts with our website. Which supports an intuitive QnA platform and optimizes access. making it quick and easy to identify the experts a user may want to connect with.A simple click of a button, is all it takes to make things move forward...On the one hand is a struggling user with a problem or troubling question who is willing to pay money to finally get a solution. On the other hand, there is an expert who is trying to offer the perfect solution, but has trouble finding qualified clientele.instead of the user having to dig up that expert, all they have to do is go onto our platform, type in their question or problem that they are facing as specifically as possible; and the Machine Learning capabilities that we have developed will identify and match them with the best expert as a solution to their problem! Taking into account the community, the expertise, and the time needed for the given solution. And… that’s it! After that they can immediately jump onto a 1-on-1 online meeting. Saving both time, energy, and sometimes money for the users.
If you are wondering why are we the perfect team to reinvent the EdTech marketplace. Well, other than the passion that we have, we know the competitive landscape; we’ve all spent too much time online always trying to find the right answers to specific questions and there are no viable solutions out there like ours, and we are really excited to be able to offer this type of capability. We know the startup ecosystem, as we have collaborated and built a strong bond as a team in previous projects.We’ve of course hit a number of roadblocks but we don’t care, we just figure out a way around it and continue forward to that path, because we really believe in what we are building.Our team is comprised of three co-founders. With respective expertise in the departments of marketing, finance, and IT.
The challenge is, that when users are faced with complex problems on their daily lives, they end up spending hours trying to find the right answers online. Most of the times in vein.Even though there are experts out there who can solve these exact problems blindfolded.Through the fuzz of the internet though, it is difficult to connect these two types of users, and there is no way to find the right specialist to solve a specific problem that one may face. There is way too much information out there which sometimes is not valid.Even if these users find the right platform, chances are, they are still going to have to go through whole lists to find the right specialist for their case. Because those platforms are poorly curated.With Troosh, we are making it possible to find the right expert in just minutes. while the experts gain value by being effortlessly promoted to broader clients. So they can focus on what matters most, providing knowledge.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
We are already building the expert roster to be able to solve these kinds of problems. And we have done that by becoming active members in major tech forums and communities, where we find our users. We are currently focusing on Software Engineers as our go-to, niche market. But, we also have some use cases about the fitness and psychology communities. Who have shown interest in our service and are using it for their sessions.As far as the business model is concerned, we are receiving a commission-based (30%) from the payments that the users make to the experts.
Troosh is an EdTech platform that provides optimized access for any user to get the expertise they need to solve pressing problems.Even though we are operating in a saturated market with a vast amount of online courses and tutoring apps out there. Still, it is difficult to find the right solution for the right situation, as those courses are designed to give a huge amount of content in a very generic fashion. They provide knowledge that most people have already acquired or can simply search online. However, what happens if you want to apply that generic knowledge in a specific circumstance or a project you are working on, and the timeis pressing. How do you make something generic, more specific. Searching into online groups and communities may help, but it will definitely take time and the answers do not guarantee quality. That is exactly the gap in the market that we found and are trying to tackle. We are the only ones who offer an unparalleled combination of personalized training, connecting users to THE right expert, and providing cost-effective marketing for those experts.
We’ve been self-funded since we launched last year and have already produced some beta tests with experts and users. And through them we released the first versions of our app and the QnA website.We are currently trying to raise a round of 100,000 euros to help us in our marketing efforts, operations, and the expansion within the Greek market and grow the communities we have developed so far. It will also serve as an initial boost for subsequent funding rounds, through which we aim to have a broader expansion in Europe and expand to newer communities as well. If you are an investor and want to be a part of this amazing journey, join us in the best way to bring knowledge on the internet!