We differentiate from the conventional travel agencies as we enable visitors to book online any of our activities making the whole process effortless. We are using a high-end online tour operator software that allows us not only to offer real-time bookings and instant confirmation to individuals (B2C) but also distribute and resell our products to other business partners (B2B) anywhere in the world with just one click. We use digital marketing tools (eg. Social media, Facebook campaigns, Google keywords etc.) to target our potential customers and at the same time we create content applying sophisticated SEO techniques and strategies to drive traffic to our website and increase sales. We differentiate from the competition as we create and offer exclusive experiences found nowhere else in the Greek market (some of them were firstly launched in Greece by our company). We provide 100% customization for people who seek personalized products/services by offering a range of exclusive activities combined with our expertise as global travelers and entrepreneurs. We innovate by creating new activities and solutions for the niche market which is underdeveloped in Greece, in order to facilitate niche travelers to find and book online experiences of their interest.
Pascal Panagiotidis - CEO. He holds a Tourism Administration degree and MSc in Marketing. He worked in the Tourism sector for several years and more specifically in leading companies offering innovative tourism products such as R.C.I. (the world's largest timesharing company). He has worked in 5* hotels (Cavo Tagoo-Mykonos) and also as a professor of Tourism Management&Marketing in the Institute of Education (K.E.K.) in Thessaloniki. With postgraduate studies in the Banking sector and Marketing, he is in charge of contacting external business partners in order to sell our products. He speaks English, French, and Spanish. Efthimis Kragkaris - CPO, Content Manager. Efthimis has a BA in Biology, MSc in Animal Ecology, MA in Communication and Contemporary Media, and speaks 5 languages. He hasworked for years in academic publishing, and he is passionate about ecology and conservation, sustainability, traveling and blogging. His experience in social media, blogging, and SEO marketing tools creates traction to our travel blog, making it one of the most visitedfor vacations in Greece. Pascal and Efthimis have travelled together to 44 countries around the globe, and as world travelers, always strive to provide an effortless and unique traveling experience to visitors coming to Greece.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Our company needs 50.000 euros in order to acquire professional equipment and infrastructure.
Our company was one of the top 3 startups in EGG and a mentor for the new startups entering the program in 2018. We have been chosen for funding by The People's Trust, a Not-for-Profit organization that supports start-ups and small, existing businesses from all sectors. We launched Foodathlon, a food and sports event inspired by Athens Marathon. A unique event on a global scale approved by Greek ministry of Tourism and embraced by Greek startups, companies, and people. Managed to achieve significant growth within the first year of operation (+375% between 2018- 2019). Based on this year’s results so far, we expect 90% increase by the end of 2021, despite the obstacles and the uncertainty in the Tourism industry.
Truevoyagers is an online travel startup creating unique experiences, offering tailor-made activities and customized trip planning designed by travelers for travelers.