500K euro to cover personnel, equipment and marketing cost
This project is going to research the creation and implementation of Artificial Intelligence techniques and Big Data modelling in the Accounting and Finance sector. In particular, there will be created a commercial solution underthe name AICAP, as an innovative cloud Accounting Department Management software service (SaaS), Offering Affordable Specialised Business Intelligence and Management Accounting Insights to SMEs through their personalAccountant. Decision-making is an important part of business strategy for companies. Business Intelligence (BI), Competitive Intelligence (CI) and Knowledge Management (KM) complete the required information for successful decision-making. BI is internally focused, exploiting information produced by a company itself, while CI is external-focused, as information regarding the present and future behaviour of competitors, suppliers, customers,technologies, acquisitions, markets and general business environment is evaluated. BI and CI usually require a huge amount of data and lots of expertise to lead to successful decision-making. Access to data related to acompany’s external competitive elements and the use of experienced consultants that could give an insight into the company’s strengths and weaknesses related to internal and external factors affecting it, maybe an expense forSmall and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) difficult to handle.
Until now the team was working on the beta version and feedback collection and evaluation in order to launch a new version, MVP beginning 2021. Beta version 2020FreemiumNumber of users – 100Target: Greek MarketMVP Jan 2021Freemium – restricted featuresNumber of usersTarget: Greek MarketJun 2021Improved features new releaseJan 2023Product on market v 0.9.01 month free trial Number of B2B clients 60Number of B2C clients 50Number of users 1520 Currently operating only in Greek market
CloudT is a simple to use, cloud Accounting Department Management software service (SaaS) management software, accessible from anywhere with easy and minimal upfront setup, that includes automation modules when possible eliminating data entry.
CloudT is a cloud Accounting Department Management software service (SaaS), Offering Affordable Specialised Business Intelligence and Management Accounting Insights to SMEs through their personal Accountant.CloudT is a simple to use, cloud Accounting Department Management software service (SaaS) management software, accessible from anywhere with easy and minimal upfront setup, that includes automation modules when possible eliminating data entry.
CloudT is accounting softwareprimarily for small and medium-sized businesses .
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Founding TeamKostas Tsoukakis is a tax consultant for more than 10 years. He runs his own accounting firm for more than 10 years andthrough his professional environment diagnosed the need for a cloud based software like CloudT.He holds a BA in Economics from University of Portsmouth and a BA from University of Crete.Lefteris Bibakis has extensive experience in business development, international business and fundraising with aprofessional career in London based consulting and investment banking firms. He holds a masters degree infinance from LSE and enjoys to make challenging things happen. The technological sector and the innovationsaround it have been always appealing to him as in his personal view and experience that’s the only way forward.Vaggelis Papadakisis a full stack web developer and entrepreneur for fifteen years with proven track record of deliveringstable, fault tolerant code for concurrent projects on schedule.