We were represented at the largest toy fair in Germany, the "Spielwarenmesse 2019", with great success and acquired customers from Europe and Asia.
Ioannis Ypatidis role in Tutobo Smart Toys I.K.E is a fulltime robotics engineer/project manager/sales managerVasilis Pappas role in Tutobo Smart Toys I.K.E is a fulltime android/iOS developer.We are innovators at heart with an entrepreneurial spirit. With our educational robotics platform, we aim to bring coding and robotics to everyday education.
The main problem with all other competing products is that the robots are mainly technical toys and do not include additional components such as storytelling and game mechanics, which causes children to quickly become bored and lose interest.
While the children are programming, the robot is moving. We have developed a novel technology that allows the robot toy to understand the real world with an accuracy of 3 mm and move precisely on the storyboard. This gives us a competitive advantage because the children are drawn to the robot and see for themselves how it moves when it follows their programming commands. In this way, they become even more engaged and eager to learn the programming skills they can use to help the characters and move the story forward. We are now selling to Greece, the Netherlands, France and Hungary.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
We produce an educational platform in combination with a real robot for kids to learn coding.
Our financial needs will be used for marketing purposes and new game development.
Tutobo Smart Toys produces an educational platform in combination with a real educational robot Max&Tobo. Max & Tobo is the first ever storytelling coding game with a physical component: a robot toy designed specifically for children aged 6-9 to learn programming and robotics. By combining game mechanics, robotics, and storytelling into one product, we have combined the real world with the digital world to provide kids with an interactive, immersive experience that inspires them to learn in creative and fun ways.