Konstantinos studied as an aircraft mechanic and worked for HAF. He has also studied Mathematics and attended many courses in digital marketing and project management. He is disciplined and knows how to perform under pressure. He loves new challenges, learning new things, and developing new skills. He is the mind behind Unlimited Adrenaline and has a clear vision of the potential and future steps of the business from day one. He designed the project's layout and capabilities and has a definite plan for every change our project needs, to be the best it can be.Ilias is a problem solver and practical thinker, so it was only logical to pursue a career as a mechanical engineer. His studies at HAFA taught him how to be disciplined and organized. He also studied social media and grew several accounts to find their audience and convert followers to customers. Content creation, copywriting, advertising campaigns, and video editing, he has done it all. Unlimited Adrenaline was a big challenge that made him jump into the project at its early stage and become an invaluable team member.Our team consists of people with skills, passion, and love for what we do, and constantly develop our experience and know-how as the project develops. We all know how difficult it is to succeed in a startup. But we are stubborn and have dedicated endless working hours and as Unlimited Adrenaline grows and we achieve our goals, the more we get the strength to keep going...
Unlimited Adrenaline is the first marketplace for outdoor activities and adventure trips in Greece.
Our project is now bootstrapped.We seek seed round funding, to accomplish our next steps, scale up faster and open in new markets.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Unlimited Adrenaline is the first marketplace/guide for Outdoor Activities and Adventure Trips in Greece, with over 400 partnerships and 2000 experiences.Alternative tourism in Greece and worldwide is a big trend and it is estimated that over 35% of travelers want to do some alternative activity.But while alternative tourism is growing rapidly, the Greek tourism industry is not organized to follow this growth:• Greek and foreign travelers do not have the proper means to search, find and book whatever activity they are looking for.• Activity providers have high promotional costs and a limited digital presence.• Travel agencies abroad have a small range of activities that they offer to their customers.• Hotels waste a lot of time offering activities to their customers with little or no profit.
Unlimited adrenaline is coming to solve these problems, with the first marketplace of alternative activities in Greece, and the right tools for every hotelier and travel agent.We also provide tools to help our partners manage their businesses, and automate their processes, thus digitalizing the travel industry. Our goal is to interconnect more than 2,000 businesses in this field, thus creating the largest database with activities in Greece. This way we have 3 important benefits:• Travelers can now discover all the activities in the area and book quickly and safely.• Activity providers can manage and promote their services, having their own management system, to which we are increasing features and functions.• Through our SaaS affiliate program, travel agencies, and hotels can offer activities to their customers without spending work hours and create a new revenue stream for their business.• Overall, we want to promote Greece as a hotspot for alternative tourism, increasing net spending, new categories of travelers, and extending the tourism seasons.
The total market is travelers in Greece, locals, and foreigners, which was calculated at 31M people. Based on research about alternative tourism, 40% of Travelers choose to participate in an alternative activity. To conclude, our Target Market can be estimated at approximately 12M people. Alternative tourism has experienced vast growth over the past years worldwide and is projected to triple in size by 2027 reaching 1.1B euros in Greece and 700B worldwide. In addition, our SaaS affiliate program has a Target Market of over 10K hotels and 40K accommodation properties.The competition, of course, exists in the field of activities from large platforms abroad. Still, we have much greater penetration in the Greek market with a greater variety of activities and partnerships.On the other hand, we offer all the functions that the big platforms have, but with more competitive prices for our customers and partners. Moreover, we are not another impersonal platform. Our philosophy is to have meaningful communication with our customers, and personalized and quality services. We know the field of alternative tourism in Greece, we have met closely with most of our partners and through our frequent communication, we have direct feedback from the market.
Although the last 2 years have not favored the tourism industry at all, so far we have managed to have over 400+ partnerships with activity providers throughout Greece and in total more than 2K activities. A key figure that shows our growth as well, is that we have increased our revenues 5 times from 2020 to 2021.Despite Covid, we have had over 1000 bookings and we have served over 3000 customers to date, while we have managed to have over 300k unique users and 650Κ views on our page in the last 18 months. In addition, after starting an affiliate program with hotels and accommodation properties, we managed to have over 70 partnerships in just 2 months.Last but not least, another great achievement for us is that we claimed 3rd place in the CapsuleT accelerator program.