Our product is a Business application aimed for tourism professionals (tour activity providers), allowing them to promote their products, chat with potential customers, see communication history, do marketing campaigns and get helpful insights from the market. Tourism professionals can simply register on the application, add their products and start building strong relationships with their customers. Once added, products are immediately available on a global marketplace where end consumers can purchase them with a click of a button. We are the only platform combining the strengths of a global marketplace with the capabilities of cutting-edge business application. Our application is mobile-friendly and intuitive, supporting professionals every minute of the day.
At Upiria we believe that you can reach your full potential only when you do the things you absolutely love. Hence, our values are the most important element of our success. Following the above approach we have achieved important milestones and we will continue to push further. Important Milestones1. Finished the A2D Acceleration Programme for Startups (London)2. Secured a 24 month contract to sell consulting services with one of the Big 43. Conducted an extensive round of interviews with travel professionals4. Have a number of travel experience providers on the waiting list to join the application5. Joined the CapsuleT Idea Platform programme and CapsuleT accelerator6. Having monthly calls with our Startup mentor - a successful serial entrepreneur 7. Onboarded a Travel subject matter expert and Accessibility advisor on the team
At Upiria we are always open to discuss opportunities to partner and collaborate. So, if you are a future minded company or individual passionate about traveling, feel free to reach out!
Upiria is a travel community platform that helps travel professionals sell their tours and activities through our network of resellers such as hotels, travel agencies and various other travel businesses or directly to customers.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Upiria is focusing on decentralization of the travel experience market as opposed to the competitors who are predominantly focusing on the big OTAs. Those big OTA have the monopoly and the power to raise the commission fees quite high and make it impossible for SMEs (tour and activity providers to sustain their business). Sometimes the commission goes up to 25%-30% and if you add the tax those businesses have to pay, its simply not sustainable. This approach heavily contributes to the black marketissue which impacts the Greek and other economies relying on the travel industry.t Our philosophy is to decentralize this approach and connect tour and activity providers to hotels, companies (connection to HR), municipalities, travel associations etc. Basically, allowing them to sell their products to end customers via various channels. This approach allows us to offer more traffic to the business and still keep the commission to 10%. Especially after the pandemic business models that focus on decentralization (hence the big push on Web3.0) are the ones that will take over due to the fact they exist to create a sustainable ecosystem with the right power balance between stakeholders.
Why UpiriaAt Upiria we believe that all people should have unique and unforgettable travel experiences. We make it happen by bringing travel professionals and travel addicts closer to each other. We offer an innovative marketplace for global experiences, where everyone can freely interact with each other. We offer the ultimate business toolkit which allows travel professionals to unlock their true potential and we provide meaningful insights to everyone involved to make their travel experiences truly unforgettable.We have a multinational diverse team with many years of experience in technology and travelling! We are always looking for new talented and passionated individuals to join our team. So don't hesitate to reach out!Team Structure1. CEO (Co-Founder)2. CTO (Co-Founder)3. CFO 4. Cloud Architect5. Legal Advisor 6. Travel and Hospitality Expert 7. IT Start Up Mentor8. Digital Marketing Expert 9. Accessibility and Customer Success Manager