Business processes are utilizing technology in every aspect of the product journey. From booking and communication to maintenance and property acquisition, all business operations are optimized through technology with customized apps. Daily processes that would normally need human interaction are completed automatically allowing employees to focus where they are needed the most. Business optimization through technology dramatically decreases costs and enhances customer satisfaction. Offering a home as a service is more of providing an experience and less than selling a product. The core product principal is to provide a standardized quality and a unique experience at the same time. For that reason, we developed extended quality standards and then we apply them to create unique spaces every time. Our guests can feel the home like experience when at the same time receive the same quality of service. This process allows us to replicate and scale on multiple locations and units.To ensure the sustainability of the core idea we are investing a lot in the design process, already in the company’s DNA since our founders have an engineering background of more than 15 years. Among the very few on the market with property expertise.
Finding a home on the traditional real estate market was always a very time-consuming process involving among other viewings, phone calls and paperwork. After finding a home tenants are usually required to move their furniture and house equipment and set up services. This is a process a few would be happy to have more than a few times on a lifetime. So, what about people wanting to work from anywhere and create experiences on different cities of the world? Hotels cannot be a choice and most serviced apartments complexes found in big cities are far away from what is considered a true local experience. UPSTREET provides a seamless living experience to every guest from day one. Residencies located on neighborhoods and buildings that locals live are prepared with care for guests ready to move in. Guests can choose their next home through high detailed photos and videos before booking, book a home from their pc or smartphone in a few clicks, and get every info they need from our Guest experience web app. A process that used to take weeks, offered in a few clicks.
Home as a service, apartments skilfully designed, in neighbourhoods thoughtfully selected.
During the last half of the 20th century quality of life was a synonym of ownership. A new car, fashion clothes and of course a home. Although this remains a truth for most of the people in the developed countries, Millennials and even more Zoomers have a different approach on the life model. Moments that can create memories to think about and of course to share, now matter the most. New generations are continuously valuing more services instead of ownership. Uber created the idea of a car as a service while Airbnb promoted the home as a service evolution.UPSTREET aims to change the way people perceive home and provide a home as a service. Skillfully designed apartments, in neighborhoods thoughtfully selected ready to move in. A seamless experience with the help of technology.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Lack of investment can be a potential barrier of growth. Our business model, alike all models associated with real estate, is capital intensive, and new investments our joint ventures are fundamental for growth. We are very actively researching all new business opportunities to help business growth.
Our team of real estate and travel experts has already proven operational excellence and three continuous years of profitability. Our growth strategy includes inventory expansion with a priority on Athens market. Rental market is full of potential and we have only explored a tiny portion of this. We are now established as a premium operator in Athens and this will help us increase growth. Market fragmentation and the step-back caused by the COVID-19 outbreak will help established companies to grow their inventory through consolidation and we plan to use this perfect timing to expand. On 2021 we want to be at least in one new market, with ongoing plans for Crete already. At a later stage of expansion we are looking on new markets and especially cities in South Europe. We are very actively investing time on knowledge management and processes that will help us migrate the business model on new market successfully.
2017 - Year of incorporation company receives 350K euro seed investment.2018 - Established in Athens market. 30 properties. 250K funding added. First profitable year. 2019 - 50 properties. Leading company by performance on Athens market. Recognized as premium service from international OTA's. Almost 2X revenue. 2020 - 60 properties. Retained operational profitability after the COVID outbreak.2021 - 85 properties.2022 - 125 properties.