Vado, conference management simplified. An intelligent multichannel conference management platform. There are many reasons why institutions and individuals engage in conference organization, be it an international congress or a local workshop on a specific area of economics or finance. In academia, it is a great way to publicize your research work, to educate a wider public about a certain issue or simply to bring together experts from the same field and share the state of research. In business, it is the ultimate way to expand a network, market your company and often pave the way to future clients. Regardless of the type of institution, all conference organizers face the same challenges globally. - call for submission or participation- abstract / paper submissions- review management- communication and monitoring- during and postCOVID-19 era shifting to digital and hybrid conferences
Vado is an intelligent multichannel conference management platform for all audiences
Vado conference management system has been used with great success in managing more than 15 physical conferences from around the world over the last couple of years, with more than 8.000 users in total.Indicatively our system has been used to host the following conferences:1. Eurodyn 2020 (Virtual)2. Compdyn 2020 (Virtual)3. Uncecomp 2020 (Virtual)4. Prohitech 2020 (Hybrid)5. Eurogen 2021 (Virtual)
500K euro over 18 months period to cover product development costs, hardware, cloud infrastructure, hirings and marketing expenses.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Lefteris Bibakis CEOLefteris has extensive experience in entrepreneurship, international business and fundraising with a professional career in London based consulting and investment banking firms. He holds a MSc in finance from LSE and enjoys to make challenging things happen.Evangelos Papadakis, CTO.Experienced Chief Technology Officer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. Skilled in C.Science, PHP, DevOps, SASS, and Web Applications.Ariadni Kalokyri, CDO.Experienced Chief Design Officer with a demonstrated history of user experience, graphic, architectural, product and package design. She holds a MEng in Architectural Engineering, focused on Digital Design, UX/UI and aspects of advertising and marketing.Virtual conferences are here to stay. COVID-19 has proven so. The industry is anticipated to grow significantly. A well thought virtual conference management system, utilizing all advantages of a virtual conference, has the potential to increase revenue that can help us grow our company and switch our revenue model and product distribution to a more profitable one. Growth brings extra costs. If expenses are more than we can handle, even for a short period, things will get difficult. Failing to plan for cash flow issues or not accounting for risk early in the growth phase, can hinder growth potential. Overlooking the competition can also be a barrier to growth. A SWAT analysis can help us identify what works.
Artificial Intelligence SchedulerInput conditions and restrictions and Vado will auto-allocate slots and sessions for the duration of the conference. Make changes and Vado will re-calculate and shift sessions accordingly.Unprecedented automation and scalability - high profitability thanks to zero manual administration. We are creating a system that enables rapid and cost-efficient growth never before seen in the conference industry. Our experience with physical and virtual conference management systems can help us offer a better service for hybrid events. The future of the events is going to be a hybrid.
Conference and event organisers are transitioning their physical events and conferences to virtual ones. Successful virtual conferences provide the same value as in-person events and can be incredibly effective. In addition, virtual events are easier on the environment and more inclusive than in-person meetings. Virtual conferences can be time and cost effective, provide easier networking, offer quick feedback and lead generation. Vado a dedicated Software as a Service (SaaS) solution that simplifies organizing and hosting virtual or hybrid conferences of any size, focusing on audience engagement, security and ease of use.