Initially, our company slowly entered the motorsports market by providing our service to track day organisers in Greece, France, Germany and Belgium. At the same time, we provided subscription packages to professional racing teams for their training and racing applications.We also turned our focus to the GoKart market which seemed to be in need of such a product for a very long time. VPR supported professional but also amateur teams with the tools they needed in order to reach their goals in a faster, more cost efficient but also sustainable way. Over the course of a few weeks, our company brought in more than 20 new clients, some of them immediately agreeing on annual subscriptions. Below we’re listing some of the most important milestones:- Patent Pending Algorithm- Designing and manufacturing our own device- Launching our cloud platform providing unique user friendly data- Partnering with our first thrilled clients in Europe- Receiving exposure in 168 countries through TV magazines
We provide a platform which allows drivers of different vehicles and skill sets, to measure their capabilities in a controlled environment and eventually become better drivers. Through the data collected by our device, our algorithm can process, monitor and evaluate not only the vehicle's capabilities but also the driver’s skills and efficiency. Furthermore, having a common denominator, we are providing a fair platform through which the individual talent can be measured and awarded, without having budget and resources affecting any results we provide. Our service can add tremendous value to various markets such as: motorsports, automotive leisure activities, driving schools, driver safety programs, insurance sector, R&D in the automotive industry (tire/chassis/suspension companies). Our vision is not only to help the public embrace the joy of driving as a leisure activity in a controlled environment, but also to reduce human casualties due to reckless driving on public road networks.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
We are a compact team based in Greece and the one common thing between all of us is the love for motorsports and data analytics. For the past 15+ years we have all participated in motorsports activities in one way or the other, either through actual circuit and hill climb competitions, to time attack events or regular track days. Our professional background on the other hand is diverse, with expertise in software development, data acquisition, marketing & media to name a few. More specifically:- Mk: Aside from our CEO, he is also an Olympic medalist coach, very experienced in sports management.- Gr: He is our main developer, the man who made our algorithm a reality and responsible for all updated features. - Vg: He is the man in charge of VPR's communications department including social/digital marketing. - Mn: He is our Sales Director, leading our ongoing communications with prospective clients across the globe.
The funding our team needs is 350.000 for the next 2 years. The most important expenses we have are:-Patent expenses-Molds for the devices-Devices production-Marketing-Further software development-Advertise
Its a unique patent pending platform which calculates the driving ability % with unmatched accuracy.
Α large number of people loves motorsports and enjoys spirited driving however the budgets related to motorsports are setting a barrier for them. On the other hand, there is a misconception that even for simple track days there is a big cost involved in order to participate. Hence people decline the opportunity before even exploring it. We wanted to bring people to the safety of the racetrack instead of exploring their talents on the public roads. The automotive industry has a value of 80 billion USD and will grow to just under nine trillion U.S. dollars by 2030. Motorsports is a market which will surpass 8,55 billion USDs until 2025 growing at a rate of 10% annually. Our service can be used in sub-markets such as: motorsports (cars, karts, bikes), race circuit venues, automotive leisure activities (track days), driving schools, driver safety programs, R&D in the automotive industry (tire/chassis/suspension companies), insurance companies, event organisers and many more.
VPR is a platform which calculates and provides with extreme accuracy, the vehicle’s capabilities and the degree the driver takes advantage of them (Driving Score %). It also creates a level playing field enabling vehicles of different performance to be compared against each other. Our purpose-built device “Symmetry”, records the dynamic data of the vehicle for each driving session. Using GSM Technology, “Symmetry” uploads the data to the VPR server, where our highly intelligent, patent-pending algorithm can process it.