We have already managed to collaborate via strategic agreements with a number of organization globally allowing us to grow our distribution channels as well as know how and expertise.Additionally, we already have customers from US, UK, Singapore, Hong Kong mostly that are stock exchange listed companies.
There are no current funding needs as we currently are not looking for funding
VesselBot offers various big data and AI/ML driven solutions to the Maritime industry. These systems combine an array of databases like satellite GIS data, Fuel/Bunkers prices, Freight costs and Hire Rates, Port costs, etc.Utilizing all the above a number of proprietary port geofenced areas and advanced technologies we provide 4 main products;Voyage Optimization and GHG emissions reduction system,Routing and ETA prediction systems,Intelligent Data analytics and Tools,Freight Marketplace.V
VesselBot is a technology company with deep shipping expertise, which provides with digital solutions the international maritime industry. We combine a wealth of data with advanced technologies such as Artificial Intelligence and Big Data, to develop off-the-shelf and tailor-made digital solutions that meet the industry’s needs.
VesselBot is a technology company with deep shipping expertise, providing solutions to Maritime
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
We are a team of highly experienced professionals that have diverse backgrounds and skills complementing each other. The Founding team has been the same from the beginning and after 5 years continue strong together. Our long corporate carriers have allowed us to bring competencies that assisted us in building VesselBot and managing to sustain difficult times and thrive.Moreover, we have deep expertise in both Shipping/Maritime as well as advanced technologies which is an uncommon combination in the global scene.
VesselBot has developed inhouse coverage of ~5500 ports around the globe by building proprietary geospatial databases up to the berth level. Additionally built CFD - Computational Fuel Dynamics models for all commercial vessels ~55,000 vessels as well as a routing system which may predict the route a vessel would be following to move from location A to location B factoring route specifics, vessels characteristics, restrictions en route etc. Proprietary models in regards to how a vessel responds to weather conditions en route was also developed and is combined with a Market model.All the above provide us with a tech MOAT and also enable us to drive growth as our systems are directly aligned into reducing GHG emissions a problem which is steaming hot currently in the market.