Millions of people suffer from a chronic digestive condition. The annual cost of GI disease is a jaw-dropping $136 billion in the U.S. —greater than heart disease, trauma, or mental health - and the spend is comparable in other countries as well. Digestive healthcare is broken, patients often spend 3 months or more waiting to see a GI doctor with little support on how to manage their symptoms and live their life.Vivante’s platform, GIThrive®, is a comprehensive digital health program for relief of digestive conditions and improvement of gut health. Personalized, 24/7 support at your fingertips through our all-in-one platform. Vivante's multi-pronged approach to digestive health is based on gut’s connection to overall health. Vivante’s core focus: providing holistic, all-in-one care to address the many ways gut health impacts each individual on a personal level.
Revolutionizing digital health, gut first. Vivante Health is an all-in-one digestive health program.
Vivante is looking for investors and strategic partners that have an interest in the digestive health space -- generalists, healthcare investors and strategics such as pharma and insurance companies are all welcome.
- Featured in CBInsights' 2019 top 150 digital health startups redefining the healthcare industry - https://www.cbinsights.com/research/digital-health-startups-redefining-healthcare-2019/- Rock Health's 2020 Top 50 in Digital Health - https://rockhealth.com/meet-the-top-50-in-digital-health-2020/- Named a Trusted Supplier by Accolade- Member of Welltok's Connect Partner Program- Active alumni of the Employer Health Innovation Roundtable- Member of Johnson & Johnson Innovation Center, Jlabs incubator, at the Texas Medical Center in Houston, TX
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Vivante is the first digital digestive healthcare company in the U.S. offered to employers and health plans. The company not only has first mover advantage but combines innovative digital healthcare via Android, iOS and web with telehealth support by dietitians and nurses on call as well as a microbiome report offered to clients. Microbiome testing is an innovative way to understand the gut health of a person, with dozens of research studies currently underway. Our microbiome data collection will allow us to understand patterns and better serve people with digestive health issues. Finally, Vivante is just rolling out a hydrogen breath monitor. The device helps to identify trigger foods and to date has just been used by clinicians. This is the first device that will be used at home, a true innovation. The device is registered with the FDA.
Revolutionizing Digital Health, Gut First. Since 2016, Vivante Health has been revolutionizing digestive health and wellness, one person at a time. Our category-defining digital health solutions provide personalized, comprehensive care for people with digestive conditions. Our all-in-one digestive health program GIThrive® combines clinically-backed interactive tech, targeted nutrition, and 24/7 personal support to improve digestive disease outcomes, and reduce the cost of care. Vivante Health also offers an at-home microbiome kit, the GutCheck, as part of the company's product suite.
Vivante is a B2B company, whose customers are U.S. employers, health plans and population healthcare companies. Because most people receive their health insurance through their employer and private health plans, we are selling directly to the entities that pay for solutions.Digestive disease is a bigger problem, affecting more people and costing more to treat than diabetes in the United States. Several diabetes companies in the United States have a market cap of $8 billion (USD) or more. Therefore, the potential for Vivante to grow to be over a $1 billion dollar company is very strong.