The team needs 250.000euros in order to:1. Acquire the right talent to expand massively 2. Invest in marketing activities to generate users' traction into Vivestia's Booking Engine and 3. Perform research to enrich the VR experience in the travel industry
Risk in the online travel industry is high as travelers browse through pictures and videos that they find online to identify their ideal holiday accommodation.However, it is commonly proven - maybe you had an experience like this -that people find this content unrealistic, even misleading resulting in, them making the wrong decision after spending on average 1 week to identify the property that suits their needs.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Luxury Vacations Booking Platform utilizing 100% Virtual Reality Content to showcase rental options
Vivestia in only 1,5 years of operation, firstly as an idea and now as a formulated company showcase more than 190 properties online with VR content (3000% increase) and has 35 active subscriptions (avg subscription 500,00euros per year) and 3000 monthly online traffic.Vivestia won the 1st Winning Award in the CapsuleT Idea Platform in 2021 and in 2022 won the 1st Winning Award as the best tourism start-up by the CapsuleT Accelerator and the Hellenic Chamber of Hotels generating momentum in the hospitality and hotelier cohort.
Vivestia's innovation lies in the fact that it is the only booking platform worldwide utilizing 100% Virtual Reality Content to promote holiday accommodation. Vivestia's team has many years of experience in creating VR content making Vivestia capable of setting the best practices in the tourist market. VR content is gaining popularity day by day reaching billions in market valuation by 2026. Vivestia will gather and qualify based on its quality standards all the VR content that will be created in the world partnering up with VR content providers worldwide. In terms of scalability, Vivestia will host content that users will create on their own using their personal devices.
The team comprises 3 co-founders:1. George Kontaxis - CEOGeorge is a highly structural individual with strong problem-solving and people-oriented skills. His engineering and managerial background is the cornerstone of Vivestia's vision and mission.2. Andreas Gkinis - CMOAndreas is the heart of the marketing and operations team as his tireless spirit and enthusiasm drive Vivestia forward.3. Christos Varsamis - Sales and PR PartnerChristos is a people-oriented individual with an ability to discuss and communicate with people and expand Vivestia business reach.
Vivestia is a booking engine that aims to reshape the way travelers choose their ideal holiday accommodation by minimizing the risk of online choice. Using 100% Virtual Reality Content Vivestia is planning to become the world's largest depository of Virtual Reality Content showcasing Luxury Vacation Properties, Yachts, Cruises, and Luxury Hotels. Vivestia will perform as a instant and upon-request booking platform offering only Virtual Content and providing users with a risk-free solution while at the same time minimizing the time an individual spends online scouting for the right accommodation.