Wadata has early traction so far. 20 SMEs are on board as well as 4 NGOs
Our solution allows users to use free money that that already have in their hands but can't use them . At the same time , brings new customers and more transactions to the companies that operate loyalty schemes and are members of the wadata networkThe product is a loyalty digital wallet where consumers connect all their loyalty cards and have several alternatives on hot to use their loyalty points . This flexibility is based on points conversion functionality that the wadata wallet offers and allows users to convert their points to a digital coin, called wadata coin. The user can use this coin either to activate vouchers that allows special discounts or prices to the network , or to use it directly as an alternative means of payment . Last but not least users can use it to make donation in a series of NGOs that are part of wadata network
We have a detailed plan on how to develop both the product and sales . 1) R&D- Advanced Product recommendation algorithm (AI)- Users profiling algorithm (AI)- Elastic search- Users mobile app (includes geolocation services and push notifications) - SMEs mobile app (coins acceptance and voucher validation)- Geolocation / proximity marketing- Smart APIs with e-commerce sites and CRM platforms - Integration with payment solution- Digital currency and e-ID implementation 2. Marketing split in 4 target - countries - Digital ads- PR- Offline ads3. Human resources - Customer success managers - Developers- Business development managers
We truly believe that only deep knowledge of an industry can help someone to identify a problem or a gap as well as to create ideas on how to solve this . Both of us have extensive experience in the customer loyalty and customer engagementsolutions industry combined with a strong business and marketing background- Andrew Galanis has been working as experienced Customer success lead and Consulting practice lead (CRM , Customer loyalty & CX SaaS solutions) for more than 15 years- Chris Papandropoulos is a Data-driven CMO using growth marketing to build customer loyalty and bring ideas to life. Has more than 12 years of experience in the customer loyalty industry and significant experience in product developmentThe team also incudes an experienced CTO and three persons that are responsible for Business Development and social media
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
The originality of this idea is that the loyalty points are stored in a single digital wallet and these points can be exchanged and used as a digital currency . To do so we have implemented a calculations mechanism for the conversion that takes in consideration both business parameters as well as specific characteristics of the loyalty schemesRegarding scalability , the product can be initiated in more countries easily , since it also allows points conversion between schemes that are active in different countries . The onboarding process is relatively simple and doesn't need any special change to the IT infrastructure of the client
A digital wallet to that allows loyalty points conversion