Our offering is radically different from what the established players in Travel are doing. They do specific components only (e.g. hotels) and even those with more than 1, have no tight integration between them. In our solution, everything is always in sync. E.g. if you select to travel from Mykonos to Santorini 1 day later, you see, upon click, the updated ferry/plane tickets for this transfer and your accommodation and experiences in both destinations appropriately adjusted.Additionally, by them you have to manually put together your itinerary bit by bit. We generate it algorithmically for you, instantly.In order to achieve this, we are utilizing cutting-edge research and technologies:* To create your itinerary fully dynamically, we are solving one of the hardest computer science problems, the “travelling salesman problem”.* The Customization Engine uses Machine Learning.* Availability, prices and the main bulk of the info are retrieved via Integrations.Our solution scales particularly well: All we do is the cherry-picking of the places (sights/venues/etc) we want on our platform and then the algorithm synthesizes the itineraries for the requested destinations. The place’s info comes from the integrations, so adding new places, and hence destinations, is mostly a decision of switching them on.Also our model does not require great depth of places. If the user can browse among the best ~30 choices for their typology per place-type, they are more than covered
WeAreTravelers is the AI Travel Agent. Get your vacation fully set exactly as you want it, instantly
WeAreTravelers is the ideal travel agent - in AI.Our platform creates the complete itinerary for your vacation with 1 click. Customize it exactly as you want, intuitively and delightfully, in real-time.World-class team, immense market, and a 10x product with already extraordinary stickiness.
Our team is ideally fit to deliver this:* Isiodos was Upsteam’s 1st Product Manager, growing its platform from 0 to 1.2 billion users reach. He has more than 20 years of experience in Product, Campaign Operations Management and Engineering. Electrical and Computer Engineering, NTUA. Top 50 nationwide in the university entry exams of 1997.* George was Engineering Manager and Head of Front-end Development at Beat, earlier Upstream, Betiator and co-founder of OneUni. AUEB Informatics BSc and Data Science MSc.And we have founder/market fit: Both Isiodos and George have travelled to more than 25 countries each, and have intimate knowledge and passion about organizing the perfect trip.Additionally, the team excels at the following rare combinations:* Exceptionally strong on uncharted territory and bringing an idea successfully to market + Unparalleled hypergrowth, scaling and optimizing experience.* Superb on user empathy + Top caliber technical competence.* Vision + Keen receptiveness of the signals from the market/users.
Our ads have been profitable, even while basic functionality was missing.And users love our product:* >30-minute sessions per return user* >3 itineraries per user* >18 itinerary adjustments per user.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
We’ll be fundraising towards May 2023. If you are interested, would love to talk – isiodos@wearetravelers.ai.