Welcome Pickups is a global leader in travel mobility and ground transportation serving millions of travelers in more than 55 destinations worldwide
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Welcome Pickups was deeply affected by the COVID pandemic along with the entirety of the travel industry. Right before the beginning of 2020, the company was doubling in size every year and it was on its way to serve more than 4 milliion travelers in 2022 alone. Despite the big hit by the pandemic, Welcome Pickups is setting up its product for even faster growth, as people start to travel again.
Welcome Pickups brings service innovation to the travel industry in a vertical that has been left aside for decades. Although most questions have been answered on how to get somewhere or where to stay, the company is addressing the later and most important part of what to do at the destination, by solving its first and most critical component. The company’s goal is to transform the in-destination travel experience, and offer its solution to all other verticals of the travel ecosystem.The company has built all its processes in order to offer its product on a global scale. Right now you can use Welcome Pickups in more than 61 destinations and 32 countries, with the goal of reaching more than 100 destinations by the end of 2021. In few years the company aims to have its product available in any place you land as a traveler and be able to serve much more than your in-destination transportation needs.
The company has raised funding in the past years to expand its product offerings, strengthen the core team and increase the Welcome Pickups destination network. In 2020 funding was directed to bootstrapping the company against COVID impact.
The team consists of a close-knit group of exceptional talent with headquarters in Athens, Greece
We have taken a commoditized product (the A to B transfer) and have transformed it to a travel experience. In whichever airport or city you arrive, Welcome Pickups wants to offer the easiest, most personalized and friendliest way to get around, while being on your side for any information you might need. To achieve this frictionless travel experience, we have built a lot of technological components for the traveler, the driver and for all the types of company partners. The product is offered directly to all travelers through www.welcomepickups.com, but also through direct partnerships with more than 1,500 hotels, 5,000 vacation rental apartments, 400 web affiliates, as well as more than 20 bigger partners like airlines, OTAs and others.