The only health insurance application you will ever need!
We have managed to receive two official LOIs (Letter of Intents) from the CEO of the Bioiatriki Healthcare group, Mr. George Spanos, and the president of the social association of EN.DI.SY.Furthermore, we were recently informed from the CIO of Hygeia and Mitera of the Hellenic Healthcare Group, that the group is willing to be a part of the ecosystem.In addition, we have been in contact with several insurance companies. The feedback of all these meetings was that the platform is very useful and solves many problems in their processes. Many of them were willing to be part of the ecosystem and test our platform when the MVP is ready and functional.Some of the insurance companies that are being interested are Generali, Eurolife, and Interasco.
Wellbee is developing a B2B enterprise online SaaS platform for health insured patients, healthcare providers & insurance companies. Our mission is to empower all people with private health insurance, to control, retrieve and share their medical data with insurance companies from a unified, easy, and secure online platform. Digitisation of the procedures removes all vulnerabilities of the past and adds superior security and control over actions and processes.Our vision is to create a global and online healthcare ecosystem with instantaneous access to medical data for patients, insurance companies, and healthcare providers whilst utilising top security standards to ensure enhanced quality and customer-centric services.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
We just closed our seed round, partnering with a well established company which operates as a software house and research center! Awaiting our MVP to be ready in 4-5 months. At the time we are partnering with Healthcare providers and Insurance companies, interested in our application, in order to perform the Proof of concept and make our MVP as close to market needs as possible!
Private health insurance companies:Private health insurance companies will be able to enhance risk management in the process of underwriting due to easy access to multiple medical data stored on multiple medical providers while creating a holistic approach to customer needs. Our platform will help companies to upgrade their claim processes while minimising administrative expenses. Moreover, better statistics will help companies improve underwriting processes and provide quality and fast customer support.Privately insured patients:Privately insured patients using eHOSP will have easy access to their medical history, whenever they request medical data from the platform. Moreover, they will have the ability to grant and revoke permission to insurance companies to instantly share their health records and avoid time-consuming claims while reaching a whole new speed in communications with other stakeholders.Private health insurance companies:Private health insurance companies will be able to enhance risk management in the process of underwriting due to easy access to multiple medical data stored on multiple medical providers while creating a holistic approach to customer needs. Our platform will help companies to upgrade their claim processes while minimising administrative expenses. Moreover, better statistics will help companies improve underwriting processes and provide quality and fast customer support. Our competitive advantage is focused on our BM, targeted segment.
After the latest regulations of IDIKA (art. 83,84) and GDPR, insurance companies face major inefficiencies due to law restrictions, bureaucracy, and difficulties in exchanging information with their clients and healthcare providers. The industries of healthcare and insurance need to be disrupted for insurance companies to be able to provide fast and quality services. Also, the lack of trust between stakeholders due to uncertified data leads to ineffective data management which points to slow speed of claims and high administrative costs. This results in slow and low-quality services. Thus, the insured patients can't withstand the dysfunctional processes in order to get health insured & request a claim. Finally, insurance fraud is on the rise, forming no other option for health insurance companies than to inflate the premiums for their clients, by raising the prices to cover unexpected events.
We are a team of experts whose means interact in a great way and help our vision come true. Our team has immense talent and we will outperform other competitors and new entrances.We work ethically, and we believe to become a champion in our industry. Hard work combined with smart work in a startup requires vision and passion, and we have those principles.Each one of us believes in our vision and has an infinite passion for what we are trying to accomplish.Spiliopoulos Dionisis(CEO) https://www.linkedin.com/in/dspiliopNick Starakis(COO) https://www.linkedin.com/in/nstarakisSotiris Syrmakezis (CIO) https://www.linkedin.com/in/sotirissyrmakezis