10Orders’ is 100% hosted on Firebase, Google’s most advanced serverless development platform which scales indefinitely on Google Cloud based on usage. Another big advantage is the tight integration it has with Angular, which is considered to be the most advanced framework in the market, providing a single codebase for all operating systems & devices as a Progressive Web App.Our software requires minimum effort from owners, who are unlikely to put personal effort in a long-term investment they don’t know how to manage, even though they understand the importance of an impactful digital presence & assistance.We emphasize on continuous innovation though an agile approach and provide uninterrupted integrations & development pipelines allowing us to continuously release updates and features.10orders' USP is the ability for an ultra fast onboarding and setup of a company with a common catalog of F&B products.We have developed an affiliated distribution salesperson scheme that ensures our door-to-door leads, all through our simple yet sophisticated internal digital payment & e-invoicing system, solving many issues a typical B2B transaction faces.
We are a team of two totally complementary founders. Christos is a highly skilled, impressively productive software engineer finishing up his studies in NTUA. Grigoris, an AUEB graduate, is a talented commercial professional with a proven track record in marketing and sales. The team is complemented by Sotiris, a key figure in the Greek digital finance sphere, who acts as an advisor in all aspects of 10orders' growth.
What If / Digital Transformation (WhatIf) is a boutique consulting firm focusing on digital transformation with a special emphasis on retail technology (retailtech) and financial technology (fintech & insuretech). Among other projects, What If has designed, developed and deployed "10Orders".10Orders is a whitelabeled omnichannel Food & Beverage (F&B) Ordering & Marketing subscription-based SaaS, targeting the B2B & B2B2C industries.We aim to unify the digital F&B ordering experience while boosting customer loyalty.
10orders' financial needs sum up to €400Κ-€500Κ to cover mainly hirings (software developers and sales affiliates), office space and marketing expenses in order to facilitate a rapid growth in the local market.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Digital Transformation services with an emphasis on the F&B industry
10Orders is an A-to-Z solution with a personalized approach, allowing store owners to create anOnline Ordering & Marketing Platform for their store in an automated way, with a subscription-based model. Our low-cost solutions create win-win opportunities in a decentralized context. 10Orders is a Software-as-a-Service solution, a whitelabeled integrated ordering system with an arsenal of digital assisting business tools, allowing direct access to the store’s customer base through a set of marketing tools.As orders can be fully digital, human-assisted or hybrid, 10Orders minimizes the effort needed in terms of management, thus increasing the experience and productivity for both customers and employees. It is an omnichannel platform that digitizes & automates ordering and payment experience in and out of the store through QR scanning and enables merchants to enhance the store’s digital presence and branding, ensuring continuous updates, integrations & development.
Since its launch in May 2021, 10orders has 50 customers enjoying the delivery/takeaway functionality and a few more using the brand-new dine-in offering.