Whoopee is looking for investment to expand its functionalities within the marketing automation scope and develop predictive models that are based on AI and machine learning.
Currently whoopee operates in a private beta version and is in the stage of implementing the first functions of the platform by evaluating them with internal users. In September the platform will start running in a perpetual beta. For this whoopee has signed a contract with LAMDA Development S.A to apply the software on company’s property portfolio that currently includes The Mall Athens and Golden Hall in Athens and Mediterranean Cosmos in Thessaloniki. This is a significant step for the platform development because will be able to work with big data and receive “real” feedback from users at an early stage. At the same time working with one of the largest companies in Greece will give whoopee the necessary credibility to position the product in the market and compete directly with international alternative solutions.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Whoopee is a packaged software that includes Customer Data Platform (CDP) and Customer Management System (CMS) functionalities. Is controlled by business users, most often in marketing and helps companies to collect customer data and empower marketers to deliver personalized experiences across different channels. Whoopee creates a comprehensive view of each customer by capturing data from multiple online and offline systems, links that information related to the same customer, and stores them to track behavior over time. The platform is able to retain all details of input data indefinitely, although users may restrict what is stored. The system restructures the data, adds calculated values such as trends and model scores, and shares the results in formats that other systems can accept. Hence is able to integrate out-of-the-box with any software system through connectors and ready-made APIs, allowing access to data for deeper analytics while boosting personalized experience.
The whoopee management team consists of highly experienced members with international exposure and strong background in marketing and advertising:--Marketing | Management & Marketing Consulting for multinational and Greek companies--Advertising | Art Director for multinational agenciesFor the platform development whoopee managed to formulate an experienced team, with diverse backgrounds that consists of:--Analysts--BI experts--Software engineers --Front-end developers--UX designers--Digital and ecommerce experts The team has already been working together on numerous software development projects for more than five years.
whoopee is a powerful customer data & experience platform (CDXP).
As we described a CDP is a ready-to-use solution that collects all customer data from multiple online and offline sources and combines them to create a unified single customer view. However, CDPs are a relatively new technology, and marketers are still working on how to integrate them into their marketing operations. Whoopee’s key distinction among other CDP solutions is that has created a packaged software that combines CDP features with Customer Management System (CMS) functionalities. Whoopee targets to become a one-stop solution for marketers that include:--Experience CMS: With the CDP functionalities at the core, the system is built to nurture the end-consumer, throughout his website journey, with personalized content in real-time.--Experience eCommerce: The platform targets to create an engaging eCommerce experience and drive conversions by delivering personalized content based on real time and historical insights.--Predictive data & analytics: Main purpose is to effectively deploy AI and machine learning to enrich customer profiles with predictive insights e.g., probability of purchase.--Marketing automation: The built-in marketing automation tool or integration with 3rd party tools can target end-consumers with powerful acquisition & retention campaigns outside each website.--Data Protection: Powerful encryption and data recovery capabilities secure sensitive information against breaches and cyberattacks while offer end-users easy opt-in and opt-out options.