Wikifarmer Library :A data base of farming how-tos where farmers can find articles that help them optimise their yield and prospective farmers can learn how to start farmingWikifarmer Marketplace: A marketplace where producers can easily create their profile, upload their products, update their prices and start selling to buyers from all across the world.
Our team is very strong and it consists of people with strong Internet experience, thorough knowledge of the agriculture industry, strong prior entrepreneurial and marketing experience and last but not least solid technical expertise
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Connecting farmers with knowledge and with the commercial markets
Already more than 8.5 million farmers have visited Wikifarmer from 180 countries. . 5,500 farmers have registered in our marketplace and already more than 15,000 transactions have taken place.
Wikifarmer is a platform that connects farmers/producers with free knowledge and with buyers from all around the world. Wikifarmer has been called as the "Wikipedia of farming" by the F.A.O. of the U.N. and has already reached more than 9 million farmers from all around the world.
Our competitive advantage is that we attract millions of farmers for free looking for information on how to optimize their farming and improve their yields , which we can later convert them to sellers in our marketplace without any cost of acquisition. This is a firepower no other platform possesses. Our solution is scalable as our library's audience is growing consistently and once our content covers most of the related subjects, our audience will grow fast to reach tenths of millions of farmers. Our marketplace's success in Greece can be scaled to the rest of the Mediterranean as producers have the same characteritics, products and logistics network.
We have recently received seed funding, so there is no need for further funding currently.