Τhe company develops energy storage systems with life expectancy of 20 years and 5.200 cycle life at 70% depth of discharge with cost under 0.10 cents per KWh, which is among the lowest costs of energy production and the battery energy systems. This is an improvement of VRLA batteries in association with charging curves to protect the system and permits longer life under stable performance. The main difference with competitors is the lower cost per KWh and the easy and wide available recyclability of the system. As regards the life extension for the hybrid car batteries, we are developing techniques for battery life prolongation and use of end life batteries to new applications. This is mainly based on battery regeneration adopting to the NiMH and Li-ion technologies used to hybrids with own developed charging processes. Regarding the energy storage systems there is a potential for minimum 25% growth for residential market in years 2021 – 2022 and higher than 35% for the years after due to the significant support to the fossil fuels use reduction for enviremental reasons and the governmental support to the green energy and use of RW. Regarding the battery life extension program it is planning an annual growth of minimum 35% at the next 5 years and then higher to 50-55% per year. The figures are based on the hybrid cars outspread of the last years. By 2030, global market size for end life hybrid vehicles is expected to hit over 275GWh per year.
-Strategic alliance with company Sebang Global Battery Ltd for the development of tailor made solutions for clients of automotive batteries and distribution on different channels-Creation of an distribution network for automotive batteries in the larger part of Greece including Crete and islands. It is compose from 230 clients including 18 dealers and 4 distributors.-Development and installation of energy storage systems for solar applications with in house technical support and engineering.-Participation to the new technology battery innovation program for electric vehicles along with the University of Crete. Our role will be the testing of the new materials and the full technical control of the prototypes.
The company is selfunding at the moment. This is the main growth barrier, as Greece does not offer a banking system supports new products and innovation and the private funding is mainly focuses to bigger companies.
Our company is developing standard energy storage solutions from 5KWh up to 1MWh designed for lower possible cost per KWh. Our design will offer systems with quite lower cost than the grid cost with life expectancy of 20 years relavent with the lifetime of PV or other RW power systems.In parallel, we are developing solution for fast and reliable service to the battery systems for hybrid cars extending their life expectancy using special processes for the recalibration of the battery systems. This is in full conformity with the environmental directions for second life and longer possible service of Li-ion batteries. The energy storage systems provides big economies of scale to the energy savings (all produced energy is used and if not used, it is moving to the public network), optimum use and performance of the materials with corresponding pollution reduction and improved environmental footprint. Especially the energy storage systems our company develops is 99,9% recyclable at the end of their life in contrary with the products of many other competitors who their products are not recyclable.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Design, development, production and distribution of battery and energy storage solutions
We are running a transitive period of changing the energy sources from fossil fuels to the decentralized from the national network and energy produced from RW sources locally or in short distance from the consumption. Battery and energy storage solutions are significant factor permitting the use of the energy produced from RW sources at the time when the consumer requires. They are also improve the quality of the produced energy improving the frequency and the voltage regulation. Our company develops standard and tailor made energy storage solutions for RW energy producers who wish to store part of theirproduction for use when their production is limited or zero. It targets residential and commercial users providing cost efficiency and quite lower costs than the energy cost from the grid. The innovated product is based on the long experience in the field and provide one of the lowest costs per KWh in the market with 20 years life expectancy.At the same time the company develops a charging process to extend the lifecycle of used batteries from automotive hybrids. This process extends the lifecycle of batteries at the end of their nominal life for 2 more years and plus.
The company is proud for its team with members with high and long experience in the battery field. This includes the management, the administration, the technical team and the logistics as well. The team is experienced to handling, recharging, regenerate, develop and install battery systems for many years.There is continuous effort for improving the techniques especially to the battery charging.WINNER BATTERY is well known in the market for its high quality, long life sustainability and developing solutions for special energy storage projects. The WINNER brand is considered for the advanced and state of the art battery solutions.