Workathlon uses cutting edge technology for sourcing, managing and matching talent to open job positions, as well as giving employers the tools to develop their talent. Workathlon automates 60% of the hiring process, how? There is data everywhere, so we find it. We organise it. Learn from it and Retain it. Then we deliver that relevant candidate job intelligence to the recruiter’s funnel. This allows them to begin engaging with the right talent before the competition even finds it. We transform dispersed data into a story, making life changing connections only found with Machine Learning Algorithms and Neural Networks.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Workathlon has developed a single platform servicing all talent lifecycle needs, bypassing single point solutions entirely.Workathlon is an AI-powered hospitality recruitment solution augmented by marketing tools and practices to help companies find, nurture and train the very best talent.
Over 40.000 candidates and 390 employers trust Workathlon.Workathlon has won multiple awards and participated in competitions such as, being among the top 10 in the start up competition of MIT Enterprise Forum Greece, being awarded in the “Innovation & Technology” 7th competition, while in July 2017 Workathlon won the first “Judge’s Award” prize of the Reload Greece Challenge’17 program. Workathlon participates in the NBG Business Seeds program of National Bank of Greece, while from the beginning of 2020 is a Techstars | Hub71 backed company and is a member of Hub71.
A single platform servicing all talent lifecycle needs in the hospitality industry.
Katerina Santikou, Founder & Managing Director: Hospitality Entrepreneur, owning and managing 5 hotel properties, holds a BSc from Georgetown University. Forbes 30 under 30, 2019 & Fortune 40 under 40, 2019& 2020Joanna Psomopoulou, Business Development Manager: Strategy Designer with 6+ years with Marriott. Entitled with an Msc in Corporate Marketing & Communication from IE University.Spyridon Ninos, Head of Engineering: 8 years of experience in managing products and teams. Has 10+ years implementing distributed, high traffic, microservices based systems. Agile engineer by heart, he has used Scrum extensively throughout his career.George Xynogalas, Front End developerAias Katsaros, Account ManagerGeorge Lyras, Account ManagerStavroula Kitsanou, Digital Marketing CoordinatorElena Tosevska, Backend Developer
Convertible note round of 500k with a valuation cap of 4.5m