- May 2022: Successful (beta) launch / 30 active users- June 2022: Secured 150K angel financing- July 2022: full launch / 70 active users - Sept 2022: First paid subscribers
Wrapp allows creative professionals across the globe to scale their operations, so they can have all their admin and management tools in a unified UX, developed specifically for the creative industry. Features include budgets, proposal building, invoicing & payments, project reconciliations, cash flow management, project management, collaborator procurement, client CRM & sales forecasting, contract template management, electronic signatures, myData connectivity, and many more!
We will be raising a series A within 2023 to accelerate product development along with market penetration in Greece, and also test operations on another EU market.
Wrapp consists of highly driven professionals that have been practitioners, as freelancers and employees, in the creative industry holding various roles (video production, creative agencies, directors, animators, etc), seasoned serial entrepreneurs, and senior product/tech leaders. We know our customers and we're inspired by their creativity. Knowing their problems first hand, we create the tools they need to make their lives easy. We understand the network dynamics of the creative vertical, and through a combination of our already established access to the market, our direct outbound team, along with features that enhance our network effects, we're targeting initially the Greek market, so we can then expand globally.
The creative industry market, although larger than the steel industry, is highly fragmented, consisting of small to very small (i.e. freelancers) business entities. Wrapp is tackling the scalability issues faced by businesses found within the sector, by making operational solutions & tools accessible — everything lives under one roof as a single tool, at a fraction of the cost needed to combine different tools together, and most importantly is geared for creative professionals and their specific needs.
Wrapp eliminates admin tasks and enables creative professionals scale their operations.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
We are inspired by creators. We create for them. All things necessary to scale up and collaborate faster. So no one has to choose between pursuing their passion and wasting time on chores. We have created wrapp. A SaaS tool that eliminates all admin tasks and enables creative professionals across the globe to scale their operations.