we see a business opportunity formulating that addresses both end-user and energystation:End-users need to find services tailored to what they are looking for, and energy stations trying to expandtheir business. This business venture is all about bridging end-users with energy stations that are willingto share a small portion of their margin in exchange to get promoted and improving visibility, reputationand above all increase in profit. To achieve this, information, promotions, offers, and service suitabilitybased on driver preferences can only delivered to them through a mobile phone application.This business, which we like to address as “Yiufi”, will require the introduction of a new software platform,the Yiufi Platform, that will act as the primary tool for achieving all the above. This business / initiative towork and become successful requires thato energy station can see value and potential by joining as customerso drivers, or end-users also get value by enjoyingo tailored promotions and offers, based on their profile, behavior, and preferenceso lower prices when purchasing re-fueling, purchasing goods and services, pre-order fuelso the calculated choice based on energy station prices, rating, range of services and servicespeed
Energy market, as well as the facts makes us anticipate that this market will continue to grow incorporating new forms of energy sources, vehicles,and business opportunities.The energy market besides its size, introduces offering diversity when addressing retail customers in termsof products, pricing, side-products, and services. Observing any energy delivery station, i.e. fuel/petrolstations, customers are offered> fuel/energy of some form, i.e. petrol, diesel, gas, electricity> market products, ranging from basic car accessories to anything you may find in a supermarketplus, fresh products> services, that may include car-washing, rest areas, snack-bars, etc. just to name a fewThese markets - energy stations, have based their business around re-fueling vehicles, while selling othertypes of products and services to> increase their revenue> differentiate their offering from their competitors> act as a one-stop-shop, for a range of products and servicesMany energy stations are already addressing the above, by delivering various flavours of offerings andmixtures of the above. Chains try to unify their offering throughout their branches, or in many cases theyattempt to tailor based on locality, season, customer base, etc. Further, they try to focus on services thatrequire a more personal and humane touch; factor that affects sales and customer loyalty significantly
The presented study takes into consideration both markets, the Greek and UK. Research has beenperformed in both countries, identifying the need for a product / platform with the capabilities describedpreviously.Based on our input, as well as better knowledge of the market, it has been decided to deploy his solutionGreece first, and gradually to other countries. The Greek market comprises over 5500 petrol stations anda few hundreds of charging points that increase rapidly.> Marketing campaign before launch the App> Launch the App with Phases 1-2> Launch the Website (platform)> Follow and analyze the feedback from users> Customer service and support > The developers will keep working the next Phase 3all the above have been done.Next phases are on track> Seek for Forecourt Controllers as Partners or get to know the technology> If don’t make Partners hire personnel to build the console Platform> Seek for Payment Providers as Partners> Prepare the Phase area 4-5
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
This project requires a huge budget in a time line that we believe to be sustainable and profitable. An organization with a lot of moving parts is seeking not only the funding but the partners as well to support it. Our business is model is based on collaborations and partnerships Splitting the project in phase we can manage to control our expenses and the profit accordingly. The project will move step by step and our aim is to create the network with a minimum potentiality to seek funding.We offer and share stokes from our business in order to sky rocket this vision. Partners will share from their side collaboration or funds to be a part of this vision.The Yiufi funds the initiation of the project with 180.000 euros in order to execute the first phase of the marketplace and build the network.
promotion and preview of the petrol and charging stations via a mobile application
Vehicles, drivers, and energy stations are ingredients of everyday life in allin all developed countries in the world. Based on the above, a business opportunity is formulating thataddresses both end-user and energy station.This business venture is all about bridging drivers with energy/fuel stations by establish a win-winrelationship for all parties, the drivers, the partners and us. The notion is that with a triangular businessmodel, we are selling in both parties what the need to enhance the driving experience, make their lifeeasier, get lower prices for fuel-products and on the other hand make partners business profitable.Through an intelligent central system this Marketplace for Energy/Fuel Station, could be applied to a widerange of countries and its target audience. Therefore, a different strategy should be employed to addresseach type / segment of energy stations: from an independent station to a chain.Our competition spans into two directions that has been located and analyze belowmainly on activities that target the drivers, with various platform offering applications and businesses thatsurround the energy stations, by offering discount schemes, loyalty, etc.In the future, this notion allows to unlock other possibilities and participate to other vehicle relatedbusiness sections.