The application works in such a way that it can be customized customer requirements flexible functional & easy to use. So it can be adapted to the needs of any business-customizability as it allows to add to change or improve its functions accordingly.It is a complete solution that is addressed to all fleet management companies as it offers a dynamic availability calendar & detailed fleet plan. With other words allows intelligent of large fleet volume adding multiple locations receipt-delivery detailed booking reposts & booking notifications as well as detailed statistics.Through a “smart” algorithm the user creates infinite conditions in combination with multiple criteria e.g. Delivery/return locations of vehicles duration rental range of dates etc. & the application automatically adjusts the price or blocks a reservation.In addition, it has a built-in affiliate system which enables creating a network of partners (travel agencies-hotels)thus increasing sales. There is the possibility of controlling a handling reservations so every company knows its partners sales. Through easy to use EzCar application & monitoring in real time makes it competitive among other companies of the same object with huge potential profit.
EzCar Application: smart cloud application based on artificial fleet management intelligence.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
EzCar application is the absolutely modern reservation online management system & the company improves the quality of its services to customers.Through this easy-to-use tool every business has the potential to increase efficiency -the sales- to provide improved services- better customer service & become more competitive.Innovations 1.Intelligent dynamic pricing algorithm that can be easily programmed by an employee to adapt & meet the needs of each enterprise-customizability2.Electronic check-in:the customer has the ability a few days before the reservation to make an electronic check-in so that upon arrival at the company/airport/hotel to be served & pick up the vehicle immediately simply by Qrcode scanning by the clerk.Huge convenience for the company which is required to manage a large number of bookings/deliveries outside the office.Also better costumer service as the whole process does not take more than a minute3.Super Advanced security system with dual firewall both hardware & software level as well as the mandatory two factor authentication for application administrations to prevent any hacking attempt. Additionally complete pseudonymization & encryption of the database with extra strong algorithm
The company from the beginning of its establishment operates the following departments with the following responsibilities:1st Section: Production of products-applicationsA group of 4-6 university-level people specializing in computer programming.The production department consists of Lagopodis Konstantinos( Full Stack Developer),Mpezani Gkeraldo(Front-end Developer)2nd Section : Product salesSales of the company are supposted by the management 7 the employees of the company. Ioanna Salamaliki3rdSection: Business Administration Manager & shareholder is Mr. Lagopodis Konstantinos specializing in electronic-programmer. Role: developer, financial management, strategy, solution design, extroversion.2nd major shareholder is Mr. Lagopodis DionisiosRole:technical support & trainer for users of EzCar application 4th Section:Accounting The company cooperates with an external accountant-associate manager.5th Section:Legal Department The company cooperates with an external lawyer-partner.
1. 2018: company’s establishment & construction of an online vehicle booking application EzCar.2. 2019: upgrade EzCar application in a complete management system with many mew possibilities & an increase of the clientele over 100% with about 30 rental-car companies except Zakynthos.3. 2020: improve & upgrade EzCar application, add new features & capabilities & rebuild the back office( management environment)with integrated new technologies, faster & functional for the manager. Added online check-in & create a digital lease contract that can be send automatically to myData tax service (via a myData provider)or directly via the company’s accounting department . Upgraded availability plan with react technology.4. 2021: Creating Cloud boat online booking application for cruises & day trips