IMON app is the basic tool for our business concept. Is a highly personalized application for the user to enhance cellular performance and wellness, to prevent metabolic syndromes and diseases and to re-program healthy cellular function. The app is the basic tool in order to provide the I-M-O-N “SMART” METHOD, that combines more digital tools, like health cloud and biosensors and also biotechnology products in order to achieve scientific based total health management. The core innovation behind the whole “ecosystem”, are the smart algorithms that can select and transmit the key personalized info, necessary to provide the services. The algorithms tracks, detects, evaluates and regulates the Metabolic - Cellular -Flammable stresses of the organism. They also help to apply therapies through nutrition and excersise in order to achieve cellular reprogramming with the help of Precision Metabolic Medicine fully individually. There are also more innovations in our business plan that will be gradually enveloped:-A worldwide NETWORK of affiliated professionals – as agents -The R&D TEAM of experts on mix- omics (nutrogenomics, proteomics, genomics and metabolomics-A “Smart" PORTFOLIO of BIOfunctional foods, cosmetics and green pills from rare extracts
Our investing needs concerns breakthrough technological solutions, R&D and Marketing Strategy. For our 3 years business plan we need 2.500.000 €. We could: a) establish a factory for the production of "future" foods and cosmetics, b) implement our Marketing Plan worldwide and c) update our digital health ecosystem, making more attractive the User Interface and developing faster our AI system
ΙΜΟΝ International (VIOLEITOYRGIKI IKE) based on digital health and Biotechnology
The company with the distinctive title I-M-O-N (BIOLITOURGIKI IKE), started in 2016 with the initiative of a small, multidisciplinary team, who conceived the idea, based on the benefits and importance of personalized nutrition and metabolic guidance. The team has a 15-years of experience and know-how in research on human metabolism, functional medicine and nutrition as a medicine. They start their venture by establishing, in 2016, the first laboratory for the study of bioactive ingredients, production and development of innovative bio-functional foods and products. In June 2020 IMON enlarged its managing team by hiring an innovation expert as Managing Director. In August 2020 IMON started cooperation with : a) the National Research Infastructure (Foodomics), b) the Center for Bioanalysis and omics (Biomic), c) the Laboratory of Biological Chemistry of Medical School, AUTH d) the Department of Nutritional Sciences and Dietetics, IHU, in order to develop and verify new biotechnology products and methods. In January 2020 we launch our e-shop www.ismadefornature.com for biofunctional products. In May 2021 we started cooperation with VIDAVO Health Telematics which help us to develop the most progressive health and wellness ecosystem with data analytics and AI architecture. Our first free version I-M-O-N app, beta version is on PLAYSTORE for ANDROID.On September 2021 we will launch a) www.imonmed.com and b) commercial implementation for IMON METHOD
IMON team pioneers in the development and production of biofunctional products and provide the most pregressive coaching in precision nutrition and medicine. The basic team was createdof a multidicipline group of influential thought leaders who realized the importance of an individualized approach to the research in the areas of future nutrition (based on genomics, foodomics, nutrigenomics,metabolomics and epigenetics). In the IMON we build dynamic synergies and partnerships with research teams and health professionals globally. Our aim to promote state of the art knowledge, expertise and integrated service on precision nutrition and medicine and also on production of biofunctional products. We envision to develop integrated services with new generation foods, drinks and snacks. Our emphasis is to the following research fields:•Nutritional Biochemistry,•Metabolic Physics, •Human Physiology, •Medical Biochemistry, •Metabolomics, •Molecular nutrition, •Personalized nutrition, •Obesity, •Hypertension, Diabetes, Dyslipidemia •Autoimmune Diseases, •Dementia, Alzheimer and mental Diseases,•Cancer and oncology,•Infertility,•Pregnancy and baby nutrition,•Aging and anti-aging,•Professional athletic performance •Well-being etc.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Τhe need for scientific based total health management, based on nutrition, is a priority for Ι-Μ-Ο-Ν. Adopting Hippocrates doctrine “your food is your medicine”, Ι-Μ-Ο-Ν envisaged to properly adjust this must, to a SMART METHOD, using state-of-the-art technology, mix-omics and science breakthroughs : NUTRIGENOMICS, METABOLOMICS, EPIGENETICS, PRECISION MEDICINE. Starting by producing responsible and healthy nutrition, a man can have the best possible state of mind and body. I-M-O-N targets at the “food of the future” based on natural ingredients and raw materials.I-M-O-N PRODUCTS: - 100% natural bio functional foods and cosmetics. The products are available via e-shops. - BIOtech products : Sensors, Medical Tests (Metabolic, DNA)I-M-O-N SERVICES:-IMON METHOD programs. They are personalized nutri-exercise-medical services, based on biotechnology, tracking metabolic vitals and gene mapping. The services are provided remotely by a special trained, on precision medicine and nutrition,team of experts (doctors, physicians, nutritionists, ergotherapists, biochemists, biophysics, sport experts, health managers etc), organized under an integrated digital system (apps, devices, on-line tools, e-shops, SaaS). The systems architecture trains AI algorithms in order to make the whole procedure more automated in the near future. The IMON METHOD programs are scalable, adjusted to health targets
ΙΜΟΝ International (VIOLEITOYRGIKI IKE) is a small innovative company with orientation at integrated personalized nutri-exercise-therapies based at nutrigenomics and bio functional products. It produces 100% natural bio functional products and provides connected healthcare digital services based on precision medicine and nutrition. IMON is part of a small group of companies which belong to the field of Biotechnology and Mix-omics. Its’ team of experts has a 15-years’ experience and know - how in human metabolism, functional medicine and nutrition as a medicine. They patented IMON «smart METHOD» that evaluates – monitors and coaches, remotely, basic metabolic biomarkers and gene expression to provide vast health prevention and cellular performance. The METHOD is based on: a) biotechnology, as we have developed our own branded products: Foods, Cosmetics, Health diagnostic TESTS (DNA & Metabolism), b) digital technology along with a machine learning system (AI) for special diagnostic algorithms, c) mobile app for the inter-connection of health-teams with the end-users, d) Cloud based Health ecosystem in order to "bridge" our services worldwide, e) e-shops . Our advantage is that we have our own products, services, methods and technology to provide the most advanced and personalized health and nutrition solutions. The distinctive title and brand I-M-O-N is derived from the initials of the acronym: IS - MADE - OF - NATURE.