We are a team of researchers keen on transforming the results of our research work into products and services, exploiting the business opportunities that are linked to them, with respect to societal values. Our close links with the university from which the spinoff was created, ensure our constant update on state-of-the-art technologies, and liaisons with top researchers all over the world.
Thingenious has already one product that is at TRL7, and for which an EU patent has been granted (result in application in US still pending). This is a device that implements a novel way to communicate emergency and/or rescue instructions in cases of emergency, where there is no internet connectivity, be it wired or wireless, due to an unpredictable disaster, even if this happens combined with a complete power outage.
The concept behind the emergency communication device of Thingenius is quite innovative, and for this the company has applied for a patent in EU and USA (EU patent has already been granted). The device is able to securely communicate emergency and/or rescue instructions, while it is able to use a cascading mechanism so as to extend its operation from a single point (one device), to a while area (based on many devices creating a mesh). As such it can be targeted to single sites and use, to large communities and areas.
ThinGenious is a spin off company, which was founded by Faculty members and Researchers of the CONSERT Laboratory of the University of West Attica. The goal of ThinGenious is to act complementary to and in collaboration with CONSERT (and the University of West Attica), in the course of transforming research results to innovative products and services. The areas in which the company specializes are:1) Deep Learning, where ThinGenious exploits cutting edge Deep Learning algorithms for delivering activity recognition tools2) Connected Things, with emphasis on enabling reliable sensor communication exploiting lightweight IoT protocols3) Mobile/wearable apps, enabling enhanced situational awareness, crowdsourcing and crowdsensing, featuring motivation through gamification
Our funding needs concentrate on financing the transformation of our EU patented device in order to move from the existing TRL7 to TRL 9, so as to be able to offer it commercially to stakeholders, as well as financing a communication and dissemination campaign, to make our product known.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Thingenious is quite young, but has already started establishing contracts on work (at European level). Apart from the main product available for exploitation so far (Emergency black box), the company has secured two contracts with AI4EU and Alertgasoil, in developing applications making use of AI and mobile apps.
Is a UniWA spinoff company, specializing on Deep Learning, Connected Things and Mobile/wearable apps