Billions of people are connected worldwide via the internet. From searching for information to shopping for groceries or banking, the internet has become an essential part of our day-to-day lives. In the age of COVID-19 when thousands of people are going online for entertainment and more, it has caused total internet hits to surge at least 60% during this outbreak period. As of April 2020, almost 4.57 billion people were active internet users. With the ongoing global pandemic more organizations realize the benefits of remote work in this time of a worldwide crisis and economic unrest.Managing individual task has been cumbersome, so the software will help the organization across sectors to cater to the problem by controlling, managing, tracking the performance of the taskThe 360TD (Web site & smartphone apps for Android & iOS) has ONLY a monthly subscription licensing model based on the number of users and/or robots supporting English/Greek in UI.The main channels to distribute and promote 360TaskDashboard are:• Direct channel focusing on SMB through: - our official web site, - Google Play, - AppStore and - Social Media (LinkedIn, Facebook etc.) Our marketing team has the key responsivities below:- the creative assets, - design/write the ads, - create and manage paid ads,- campaign planning and executionFocus on 30 Enterprise Private customers and 5 Public with our experienced internal sales team (2 salespersons with 25+ years proven track records in Enterprise
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
The pandemic and ensuing recession increased interest from many enterprises in automating business processes utilizing hyper automation software (or software robots & ΑΙ). The main outcomes are improving process quality, speed, and productivity each of which is increasingly important as enterprises try to meet the demands of cost reduction and competitive advantages. Despite significant IT investments in all companies many business processes are still heavily human depended. The new era in all enterprises is a mixed model of Human and Digital Workers (software robots) executing their business processes.In this new era, the main challenges are to identify, prioritize and successfully deploy the automated processes having at the same time ONE TOOL for all tasks supporting the collaboration of humans and robots. A Next Generation Task Management solution integrating hyper automation technologies will liberates workers from repetitive, monotonous, and lacking value tasks.
Main technologies of Hyper Automation are: - Robotic Process Automation (RPA), - Machine Learning (ML), - Chatbots, - Natural Language Processing (NLP) which are proven software technologies to capture and interpret existing applications for processing a transaction, manipulating data, triggering responses, and communicating with other information systems (Windows or web based).360TS is official resellers and certified partner of the leading worldwide vendors in Hyper Automation like UiPath, Automation Anywhere, Microsoft, Google, AWS, ABBYY and Celonis. 360TaskDashboard is our next generation SaaS tasks management platform integrating Hyper Automation technologies with main goal to provide the world class Task Management and collaboration solution between humans and digital workforce (robots) of an organization supporting automation, delegation, monitoring and managing of the tasks from any device (PC/Mac through web browser and smartphone apps for Android and iOS)
360TS is dedicated in automate business processes utilizing the technologies of Hyper Automation
1. Stavros Alexakis (Managing Director) - "30 years of passion in Enterprise Sales & Technology"20 years @ Microsoft in Enterprise Sales. Proven ability in Sales Management, Business Development, Channel Strategy, High Performing Teams and Always Learning.2. Nikos Anastopoulos (Chief Technology Advisor) - "25 years experience in Enterprise Services and Pre-Sales Roles"17 years @ Microsoft in Enterprise Services, presales and Sales roles. 3. Lazaros Pappas (Architect) - 20 years experience in Analysis, Design & Dev of Information Systems.4. Christos Paliogiorgos (Developer) - "25 years experience in Development"5. Zinon Panagiotis (Operations)
The Scaled Agile Framework (SAFe®) methodology held the key to 360TaskDashboard success, but only after switching to Microsoft Azure Boards could effectively use SAFe to build the scalable development framework it required. With Microsoft Azure Boards, 360 Trust services development team now quickly deliver new business capabilities, keeping the company at the forefront of a fast-changing and increasingly demanding market.-tAvailability of 360TD Beta version from 1st of Sep 2020. -tGeneral availability of 360TD version 1.0 for Enterprise customers from 1st of Nov 2020 with 2 customers until today (1 in Private sector & 1 in Public sector).-tGeneral availability of 360TD version 2.0 for SMB customers from 1st of Nov2021.