Our user goes to our website (mobile application currently developed) and chooses their favourite model. After completing the booking and payment, which combined takes less than 2 minutes, we deliver the bike the next day to the given address. If during the subscription any issue occurs, we fix it within 24 hours. The subscription can be stopped at any time, after which we come to collect the bike.At bFlex, we believe in flexibility as it lowers any (financial) hurdle for a commuter or company to find an alternative for their current fleet. bFlex charges no up front costs nor asks for any deposit. The terms and conditions are extensive and cover bFlex in case of loss, theft or damages. The "City Bicycle" subscription goes now for €14,50 per month (reduced from €19 per month due to sponsorship Eurobank). Our subscriptions are all-inclusive. As the cycling industry is immature in Greece, the experience and knowledge concerning bicycles are underdeveloped. With our service, we repair any issue that might occur (flat tire, broken battery, brakes) within 24 hours. Our average response rate is 2,5 hours. In case there are issues that can't be solved on the spot, we replace the vehicle with a new one.
IPCC issued in February 2022, 'bleakest warning yet' on impacts of climate breakdown. Urban transport is a major driver of greenhouse gas emissions. How we commute and deliver goods, need to become sustainable.bFlex is the first green mobility-as-a-service provider in Greece with as vision having cities free of transportation pollution. By offering all-inclusive, flexible subscriptions for bicycles, e-bikes, electric (kick) scooters, bFlex accelerates the transition from pollutive vehicles to sustainable ones.Moreover, bFlex does not sell its bikes. And the reason is simple, we have the environment at heart and are therefore trying to reach a 88% circularity and thus minimising waste. A percentage that can not be reached when selling the vehicles. It is in bFlex's best interest, to prolong the life expectancy of the fleet as much as possible, ensuring the best care. Once parts of the bicycle can no longer be used, these are up cycled or recycled. Why not go for the full 100%? Certain wiring or lubricants can not be reused, e.g. WB40.
bFlex is looking for €500,000. 86% will to go the expansion of our fleet, 7,3% software and 6,3% to the expansion of our team, marketing and others.
The founder and CEO of bFlex, Robbert, cycled before he could walk. Growing up in the Netherlands, Robbert considers cycling as the most normal way to commute. Throughout his career, he has worked in 4 countries always with the focus on the environment. Both commercially, as COO of GEP Hellas, a wholly owned subsidiary of the French and listed GEP. In Australia he worked with Greenpeace, to safeguard the Great Barrier Reef. Also in Greece, Robbert has worked as project leader with WWF Hellas and CSR officer for we4all. Dimitris, the CTO, a through and through good guy, with 23 years of experience in software development. Dimitris is passionate, caring and very experienced putting all of that combined into bFlex.Georgia, CMO, is eager to learn, likes to try new experiences and is just as passionate. As Georgia is from Larissa, she has a good idea of what a sustainable city should look like. Highly experienced in brand building (5 years), online marketing and has amazing people skills.We want to expand our team further while keeping the values that bFlex stand for; Nature, Efficiency, Freedom and Creativity. Once our funding is complete, we already have the most important roles filled; Markos as lead developer, Marios as product manager, Simon/Willem as COO and Christophoros as bike mechanic.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
bFlex is founded in 09/20, where beforehand extensive market research has been done and a MVP build and achieved. As of today, bFlex reached the 400 subscriber milestone of which 25 companies. Since our launch, an important milestone is also the constantly extending subscribers lifetime (or CLV). Eurobank sponsored 100 of our bicycles for 2022. Gregories (coffee chain, holding company) launched a successful pilot in Glyfada using our e-bikes for the delivery of coffee and snacks. Two weeks ago Gregories Galatsi was the second store. Betty's Bakery, Coffeeberry (franchise), Fayfib, Onomataki used our fleet for deliveries. The Onassis Foundation, Grid Fox for their team (daily commute) and bike tour operators and hotels, like the Poseidon Hotel, uses our bikes to re-rent to their guests. In March 2022, bFlex won an award for the "consumer's choice" within the Greek cycling industry. In April 2022, Eurobank gave a bank loan of €75,000 to bFlex.
bFlex is the first bike subscription company in Greece. Once the software is fully developed (mobile application June 2022, booking system September 2022) bFlex can scale to other cities. Well-known short-term sharing companies like Lime and Bird need a base in each city they operate in. For bFlex "a long-term sharing company" it's the same. A local hub is needed with a store manager and mechanics that fix the bike when needed and make the delivery and pick up. All management will take place from the holding company. As our subscriptions are on a monthly basis, not short-term (minute/hour), the business is even less labour intensive than for example Lime and therefore easier to scale. As bFlex has already large clients, that are based throughout Greece, we can scale with them to other cities.