We are on a mission to make every coffee better and every machine more efficient!
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
BibeCoffee IoT real time monitoring solution transforms every professional coffee machine to a smart connected terminal, minimising Revenue Loss and safeguarding Brand Quality Image. With the BibeCoffee solution companies improve every aspect of their coffee operations by having realtime access to all of their coffee machines, at a glance and collecting useful information and analytics. Companies can monitor their coffee machines’ proper usage and operation so as to have full visibility in every coffee cup served, guaranteeing that quality coffee is always served without compromises. The IoT analytics that the service offers, can significantly reduce the maintenance costs of the companies by eliminating unnecessary technicians visits and enabling the companies to remotely detect malfunctions. The BibeCoffee service offer a sea of analytics and all the required features and tools so as to help customers to harness their power to streamline their operation by making the right decisions for their business.
The solution consists of: HW Device, designed and manufactured especially for the Coffee Machines business, SW IoT Platform and Global SIM Connectivity. The BibeCoffee solution connects any type of coffee machine with a telemetry device to a management software in order to collect data and to interact with them. The data is managed by the BibeCoffee cloud platform and is displayed via a user friendly web portal. By installing the telemetry Device in each coffee machine, coffee machine operational status and location is being transmitted through the mobile network to the BibeCoffee IoT platform.
Vasilis Apostolopoulos, Panos Vrettos, Konstantinos Sigalas (founding team) have been worked together in multinationals and have been friends dreaming of this idea since 2007. They have built together a team of 18 colleagues working on a very aspirational plan, aiming to further develop BibeCoffee and get established worldwide. More specifically the team consists mainly of engineers with high technical expertise and industry knowledge. Main focus is given to product development with complex projects already delivered. BibeCoffee employees come from several multinational companies with experience on IoT technology. Companies such as: OTE, Vodafone, Microsoft, Velti, Accenture, Info Quest, Byte, GlobalCert etc.Industry specific, strong market knowledge, customers obsessed, our vision is to provide the best Global IoT Coffee solution.
BibeCoffee recently raised a seed round from Venture Friends, Unifund and Eleven Ventures. There is always a funding need that would be allocated to global expanding. We need to move fast and contact our customers in a global level as at the moment we deal mainly with the European regions.
BibeCoffee, founded in 2018, is an IoT real-time monitoring solution for coffee machines. Designed for coffee shop owners, coffee chains, and coffee machine makers, BibeCoffee will transform every professional coffee machine into a smart connected terminal, guaranteeing that high-quality coffee is always served without compromises. The idea is to collect useful information and analytics, monitor in real-time the coffee machines’ proper usage and operation, reduce maintenance costs and ultimately assess coffee production, sales projection and future consumption.
The current year for the telemetry enhancements for the Coffee industry is critical, since most distributors are looking to effectively manage their assets, improve their product quality and increase revenues. To this end, growth for BibeCoffee for the upcoming years is very promising and the company is already experiencing high customer demands.