Billys is revolutionising the way buildings are managed by creating a user-friendly environment for all stakeholders to interact regarding any building related issue with transparency and efficiency. Our platform combines specialised proprietary expense splitting and voting technology, with advanced Banking as a Service and payment solutions to enable people to communicate and transact remotely. Building managers save time as our platform allows them to easily input all expenses, split service charges automatically and monitor payments real time. Tenants can now pay online and have 100% transparency on building expenses and reserves. Everyone can use the platform to decide on building matters and purchase services online. In parallel, Billys takes into account offline users and provides tools to the building manager to accommodate their needs.Being a SaaS platform with limited localised operations, Billys can easily scale across geographies and can support numerous users with limited resources while expanding the product offering with more services to buildings. The platform is already available in two languages and the aspiration is that we quickly expand to more European markets in the near future.
Billys started in early 2022 with the MVP version of the product launching in April 2022. During the summer of 2022, the team raised a pre-seed round of >EUR 800K and commercially launched the platform in October 2022. At this early stage of the company the team currently focuses on product improvements, new features and activation of acquisition channels with the objective to prove product-market fit by early 2023. So far, there has been a very positive reaction on the product and traction by both B2C and B2B customers.
Our team comprises of experienced professionals in building and scaling Product, Operations & Sales and Technology with track record in corporate, startup environments and entrepreneurship. Additionally, the company is supported by an impressive roaster of funds and angel investors that bring both funding firepower and market knowledge.
Billys is a proptech startup that simplifies all aspects of property management to help people live better together. Through Billys, building managers and tenants now have full transparency over common building expenses and reserves, online service charges payments, faster decision making and much more efficient building operations.
Billys is a cloud based, vertical Software as a Service that enables building managers and tenants to:- Split service charges automatically across tenants- Pay service charges online- Have real-time access to all building expenses and transactions- Manage building expenses, accounting, cashflows and reserves transparently- Make decisions and communicate fast & asynchronously- Organise files and integrations centrally- Manage building operations and vendors with ease
We do not have any funding requirements for the next 1.5 to 2 years where we plan for a late seed or series A round.
Billys is a fully transparent, trustful and convenient SaaS for property and facility management
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.