BioAssist S.A. develops innovative commercial services in the fields of mHealth and homecare, to improve the wellbeing of chronic patients and enable the growing senior population to live independently. Focusing on state-of-the-art technologies that enable remote care provision, BioAssist delivers superior monitoring and communication services through timely response and accurate recording of vital signs and other critical information, serving the constantly changing needs of the health-centric communication services. Via its services, BioAssist enhances users' compliance to their self-care commitments, providing peace-of-mind to them and their families, while remaining minor intrusive and offering an excellent user experience.
We have developed an integrated platform that offers Assisted Independent Living and Chronic Disease Management services. The system incorporates communication and social networking, a PHR for its users and apps for all involved parties (patients, relatives, doctors etc). The solution supports vital signs monitoring using off-the-shelf medical sensors and wearables and a helpdesk for emergency support. Our platform is a scalable and highly customizable solution that can be adapted to different organizations and needs. Based on this platform, BioAssist has brought to market a series of products, which support different use cases.- BioAssist: One-stop-shop for remote, conventional and home-based healthcare services- HeartAround Home: Integrated assistive care solution- HeartAround Mobile: Personal health management solution- HeartAround Hospital: Hospital bedside infotainment and patient monitoring solutionOur platform incorporates a range of advanced features, such as coaching, affective computing and serious games. The platform combines advanced data analytics mechanisms offering personalized health management and is constantly updated with new features.
Our solution web and mobile interfaces for all types of users, built upon a cloud platform. The various sub-systems have been designed and implemented using a rich set of state-of-the-art technologies (IoT, AI, data analytics, affective computing, serious games, etc.) and tools in order to provide innovative services, robustness, security, extensibility and the finest user experience. The app communicates with Bluetooth-enabled medical sensors and activity trackers to automatically acquire and store biosignal measurements. The solution is hardware-independent and exploits low-cost devices. The platform incorporates a Personal Health Record, which supports data export based on the FHIR standard for enhanced interoperability.Our tools are offered mainly on a B2B level, targeting the healthcare services (primary healthcare, long-term care, elderly care, patient support) and health insurance sectors, as well as the public sector (e.g., municipalities), as white-label solutions that can be tailored to the client’s needs. BioAssist’s platform is highly customizable, offering different versions and features depending on the use case, and can be easily deployed on the client’s infrastructure.
Our team consists of engineers and data scientists with extended research activity in the fields of telemedicine, as well as expertise in the development of e-health applications and wireless medical sensor networks.
Innovative commercial services and products in the fields of IoT, mHealth and assistive care
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
BioAssist was incorporated in 2014 after being selected to participate in the ICT4Growth Action, run by the Greek Ministry of Development & Competitiveness. Throughout the past years, the company has been continuously conducting R&D activities and exploiting cutting-edge technologies to develop and improve its products, constantly expanding its portfolio of services. In 2016 the first prototype of our platform entered the validation phase. BioAssist conducted piloting activities with the collaboration of University Hospitals in Thessaly, Crete and Thessaloniki. Based on the results of the validation, the product was further improved and key partnerships were established in 2018. The BioAssist platform was brought to market by 2019 through B2B sales.BioAssist also participates in several European and National research projects, developing and validating new technologies. The company has an extensive network of partner research and academic institutions throughout Europe.
We are currently seeking funding which will help us grow further and bring our products to the European market.