BioCoS brings together different professional profiles that are complementary with respect to achieving its mission. The R&D with +30 years of experience next to business experts meet the market needs forming a group that can spearhead the biotech applications. In BioCoS, Bioinformatics comes to life in the lab transforming DNA knowledge into meaningful, simple and smart DNA-based solutions for the Agri-food sector, with primary focus on the Olive oil industry. Our mission is dedicated to providing a safer and sustainable food industry, and improve people’s lives through DNA-traceable products. The flat structure management coupled with the ambidextrous business model allow us to cover our clients’ demands, target novel niche markets and create additional revenue channels.
BioCoS since its foundation is characterized by a constant growth and recognition, holding a long-lasting international clientele and network with both the private sector and research institutes. Our integrity and scientific “know-how” allowed us to have a proven track record of National and International awards, a series of successful EU grants mainly in the agrifood sector but not solely. List of National and International awards:•Accelerate Greece program (USA, California)•1st Prize Eureka Fest 2018 (USA, California)•1st Prize “The Squeeze” event (Orange Grove)•AGINFRAplus Data Science Challenge•5th position at the 10th “Innovation & Technology Competition” of NBG Business Seeds•Bronze at the national Green Awards 2020 (cat: Green Food & Beverage Ingredients) for ZOE’, a DNA traceable rusk from filed to store.List of relevant grants in the agri-food sector: •Closeviva “A Collaborative Network for the Exploitation and Clonal Selection of Greek Vine Varieties and Valorization of the Genetic Material” [GSRT-Infrastructure] - [On going]•DNA traceable rusk [H2020 No. 731349-INCluSilver]- [COMPLETED]•AUTHEVOO [H2020-SMEInst-2018-2020-1] - [COMPLETED]•DNAblockchain [H2020 No. 824769-S3FOOD] – [COMPLETED]
Our passion for Bioinformatics and Biotechnology motivated us to found BioCoS in late 2016 with the aim to deliver tailor-made DNA-based solutions in the food sector using cutting edge technologies. Since 2018, BioCoS provides end-to-end DNA traceability in the olive oil sector, as well as genetic verification of the varietal composition of olive oil and detection of undesired admixtures. Our solution tackles effectively three key factors creating both the space and freedom for fraudulent actions in the olive oil supply chain; the complex and fragmentation of its supply chain, the physicochemical nature of olive oil (liquid), and the lack of adequate controls (monitoring systems, fraud detection difficulties). These factors undermine the most valuable segment of the olive oil industry, the extra virgin olive oil (EVOO), that is widely used as edible, or as ingredient in cosmetics and food supplements. This threat directly impacts businesses with a 10-15% reduction of EVOO valuation. Moreover, the lack of efficient and cost-effective, widely accepted and adopted methods dedicated to EVOO authentication and traceability allows fraudsters to jeopardise its value, and simultaneously deceive consumers and undermine food safety/security, while employing unfair commercial practices. Therefore, verification of varietal composition and traceability systems dedicated to EVOO, using the immutable power of DNA. act as a positive adaptation with a dual win-win outcome for both the society
BioCoS goal for 2022, is to advance in a blended funding strategy coupling European grants and private investments for the development of its on-site DNA based system dedicated to Olive oil DNA verification and traceability. This will accelerate its commercialization in the three identified segments of the olive oil industry: edible, cosmetics and pharma.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
The next goal for BioCoS is transferring its technology to an on-site DNA based system, in order to provide EVOO DNA verification in real time and at any stage of the value chain, leveraging transparency and traceability in all the segments of this industry. This technology aims to strengthen the bonds between stakeholders by facilitating good communication and sharing reliable information to the consumers. The development of the on-site DNA based system will allow BioCoS to expand its serviceable obtainable market in this sector, targeting primarily corporates, import/export channels of Olive oil between producing and non-producing countries, and propose a standardized system of olive oil purity, origin and integrity.
Since 2018 using our proprietary genetic markers for the Olive genome, we tackle the problem of Olive oil adulteration (admixtures and varietal mislabeling) providing a lab-based DNA authentication and traceability system to the three segments of the Olive oil industry: edible, cosmetics and supplements. Up to today, our key clients are high-end EVOO companies, as well as cosmetic and pharmaceutical companies using EVOO as main ingredient. Through BioCoS’s end-to-end system based on EVOO DNA data we build a solid traceability system from field to store, enhancing label transparency, product differentiation and consumer trust. BioCoS has already expanded its technology to other products and raw materials used in the food, cosmetics, and pharma sectors.
BioCoS is a Biotech company providing DNA verification and traceability solutions in Food Sector