The advantage of our machines over state of the art is that drug delivery parameters can be routinely studied in vivo for the first time.- Dynamic Studies: Our products don’t need complicated settings and can be placed close or even inside the animal facility, thus enabling scientist to have a real-time, non-invasive dynamic assessment of drug targeting, drug delivery monitoring and therapy evaluation. - Quick decision making at daily operations: by using our technology only 30 minutes of experiment cycle provide accurate evidence of the in vivo behaviour and allow data-driven decisions to select the right compounds at a very early stage. - Optimise drug administration protocol parameters: Our studies in several projects demonstrate that it is possible to get statistically accurate results, using only 17% of the animals in comparison to biodistribution studies. Minimisation of extensive trial and error process to discover the best time points to examine in detail the drug delivery process.Using our expertise, we have optimized the designed of the systems, which can be produced in larger volumes, thus optimizing production cost and minimizing delivery time. Finally, we exploit this technology, towards the development of human imaging systems, in order to enter the much broader clinical market.
BIOEMTECH is a CRO that aims to bridge the gap between ex vivo studies and in vivo molecular imaging, by providing cost effective solutions in terms of instrumentation and services. BIOEMTECH has developed and commercialized the "eyes", the first desktop cameras, suitable for whole body, real time imaging of radiolabelled and fluorescent novel compounds and drugs in mice. In addition, BIOEMTECH undertakes full studies for evaluating new compounds in our authorized laboratories that include animal facility, in vitro lab, radiochemistry lab and in vivo imaging with microPET/SPECT/CT and optical imaging. Our clients include both Universities and Pharma companies all over the world.
The company is preparing for a new funding round, to support a) set-up of production lineb) expansion in US and Asiac) production of the first clinical products.These needs are estimated at 2.5M€
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
BIOEMTECH know-how is unique on international level and is the result of many years of multidisciplinary research (APPENDIX 2). The R&D and production team is a mixture of engineers, programmers, physicists, chemists and radiopharmacists, while the core team is working together since 2007. The group has more than 300 publications and conference presentation, which are related to the company products and their applications in preclinical research. The company CEO has a patent related to the design of such imaging systems.The company is actively participating in international networks and other forums, while its staff often follows international conferences, workshops and training courses for continuous education.Over the past two years, BIOEMTECH has increased its personnel by 60%, attracting mostly scientists with PhD either from the private sector or from abroad. Our vision is to attract specialists, with strong track record, who will add value to the company and bring it to the next level. These experts will be assisted by young scientists, who are mainly trained inside the company. The main domains where new personnel will be required is on marketing, sales engineers and after sales support.
BIOEMTECH has started as a company funded by European Grants and has attracted more than 3M€ from competitive state or art projects. We have been active participants in more than 10 H2020 projects including NMBP, FET, ITN, RISE, Euronanomed and COST. Our CRO services are offered to clients from all over the world, including Academic Universities, Research Centers, startups and big pharma companies. Our products have already been installed in US, China, India, S. Arabia and have proven the wide potential and acceptance of our technology. In 2020, we were awarded the Seal of Excellence from European Commission for our basic products, the "eyes". More than 50 clients are now in our funnel and have expressed interest for our products. In 2019 BIOEMTECH received pre-seed funding from Metavallon VC, which gave us the opportunity to construct 10 systems that were used as demos, establish our own premises and strengthen our marketing and sales strategy.
SME active in biomedical engineering offering products and services for preclinical drug research
BIOEMTECH focuses on providing products and services on preclinical drug studies and safety assessment using novel imaging techniques to minimize the sacrificed animals in in-vivo molecular imaging. Annually 115 million animals are sacrificed in different biomedical experiments. "eyes"-series, our small-animal imaging devices, is a radically new approach for real-time in vivo imaging, enables the effective reduction of over 80% animal sacrifice and speed up the assessment of drug delivery studies from three months to just one week of work in average. The BIOEMTECH eyes systems use robust sensors that can detect the radiation or light from the animal body in a single view, very fast, even at low amounts. This approach enables the real-time monitoring of the drug delivery to organs and its quantification during the experiment. The data analytics software that we developed minimizes the deviations of the images acquired to lower than