We enable you to develop production-grade backend systems 10x faster
Bitloops is a programming language and software development platform that allows organisations to be truly agile with effective testing and appropriate layered architectures made easy. Increase Developer Velocity to levels never seen before. Spend more time making important design decisions and less time writing boilerplate code. With Bitloops you and your teams can design, implement, and deploy long lasting, secure & compliant systems faster than ever.
Bitloops is a Software Development Platform that focuses on the development of backend systems of significant business complexity. For a system to be truly scaleable two major requirements needs to be met. First of all, it should be possible for a system to be developed and maintained over time with many developers and teams involved and their productivity remaining high and secondly, the systems created must be able to support very significant loads and number of users in a cost-effective way and with good performance and availability. Bitloops is the first platform that puts collaboration and the business logic on focus, allowing for the alignment of the whole organization and significantly automating everything else allowing developers to focus on what matters the most.
We are currently raising our pre-seed convertible round of around €500k.
We have developed the MVP of our Bitloops Language (github.com/bitloops/bitloops-language) and announcing it at the API World Conference in San Jose, CA on the 27th of October 2022. The feedback we have received over 1:1 product feedback sessions has been extremely encouraging and we look forward to releasing our alpha version before the end of the year.
The team is quite experienced both technically and business-wise and has worked for several years together in major brands in Greece and abroad.
We are an early stage startup based in Athens, Greece with the goal of changing the way backend software is designed, developed, executed, and maintained. We enable any organisation to develop enterprise-grade backend systems 10x faster. Our vision is to become synonymous with extreme developer productivity that accelerates over time and our mission is to empower people and organisations to unleash their creativity, maximise their collaboration, and reach their full potential.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.