BL NanoBiomed P.C. participates in 2 national and 2 European funding programs under Horizon 2020. RealNANO:In-line and Real-time Nano-characterization technologies for the high yield manufacturing of Flexible Organic Electronics.FlexFunction2Sustain:Open Innovation Ecosystem for Sustainable Nano-functionalized Flexible Plastic and Paper Surfaces and Membranes.NanoAthero: Development and Preclinical Validation of biofunctionalized Nanoparticles for targeted delivery of anti-thrombotic and anti-oxidant factors to treat Atherosclerosis.Osteofit:3D-bone construct will be produced by 3D printing, 3D bioprinting and nanotechnologies.All these years, BL optimizes its products (nanofilters, face nanomasks, Covid-19 rapid tests and VK Nanocosmetics®), develops new technologies and IPs and generate new patents and products to overcome the clinical hurdles. Through its participation in funding programs and in exhibitions, conferences, it has established networking and membership with strong partners.
Dr Varvara Karagkiozaki (F) holds medical diploma MED, MSc and PhD in Nanotechnologies. She is the CEO and major shareholder of the company and specialist in nanomedicine, nanosystems, biosensors, 3D printing and cardiology. She is the Coordinator of the Greek Nanomedicine & Bioelectronics Platform and Coordinated several R&D projects, owns two patents, more than 40peer reviewed papers, 100 publications and published two books. Prof. Stergios Logothetidis (M) is the director of Nanotechnology Lab LTFN, the co-founder and president of the scientific committee of BL with more than 30years of experience in Nanobiomaterials, Nanoparticles, Nanotechnology and Thin Film and Coating Technologies with the co-ordination of numerous European and Greek R&D Projects with a budget >150M€. Alexandros Orfanos (M) is the production Manager of the company, has BsC in Physics andMsC in Nanotechnology, is a highly motivated person with high experience in 3D design and 3D Printing.
BL NANOBIOMED: Nanomed company that applies Nanotechnologies to produce hi­­gh added value products
The growth potential of BL Nanobiomed is huge as the business is based on innovative nanotechnology enabled products and IPs generation and protection. We intend in the next years to expand the BL’s workforce, to develop new product lines and increase production. There is planned movement into the launching of novel products like Nanofilters, Covid-19 Rapid Tests and Nanocosmetics, into the market, entrance into new markets worldwide, in order to generate larger profits. The barrier of our growth potential is mostly the lack of funding, that it is necessary for the employment of high qualified personnel in the fields of marketing.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Nanotechnology is a wide field that produces new tools and methods related to Public Health & Health-care, Diagnostics & Therapy,Cosmetics. It can significantly change the course of preventing and treating life threatening diseases.BL Nanobiomed P.C. focused on the development of novel NanoFilters against viruses like SARS-COV2, Face NanoMasks as protective equipment with high protection at nanoscale (under patent), novel Covid-19 Rapid tests, Antibacterial Surfaces, NanoCosmetics, Biosensors for diagnosis of Heart Attack and other diseases, Nanoparticles for diagnostic and therapeutic purposes and Medical Scaffolds & Nano-technology enabled Implants.BL Nanobiomed provides the solution in the skin aging via the VK NanoCosmetics, an innovative cosmetic line wherein the cosmetics are enriched with anti-aging Nanoformulas loaded with natural anti-oxidants that can release them not only in epidermis but mostly in the deeper skin layers for intensive skin restoration and regeneration.
BL Nanobiomed P.C. is a high-tech company applying Νanotechnology to deal with unmet Clinical needs.
BL Nanobiomed P.C. is a highly innovative startup, as it was established in 01/2014, as a Spin-out Company of LTFN Nanotechnology Lab of Aristotle University of Thessaloniki, after 14year R&D in Nanomedicine to treat diseases. BL products are based on technological innovation in the fields of Nanomedicine and Bioelectronics, as ensured by European and US patents.Especially, BL Nanobiomed P.C. focuses on the development of novel Nanotechnologies in Medical Field, the manufacturing of innovative drug eluting Nano-systems and Covid-19 Rapid tests, the production of Nanofilters & Face Nanomasks with enhanced properties against viral particles, Nanotechnology-enabled implants, Biosensors, NanoCosmetics and on the IPs generation, Technology Licensing and Technology Transfer. BL Nanobiomed P.C. has competitive advantages as through its patent technologies can provide in the market innovative products that can detect disease biomarkers with increased sensitivity and achieve the targeted release of therapeutic agents at the diseased-sites, with biodegradable nanomaterials with maximized security and efficacy.It is a core member of the Nanotechnology Ecosystem of Thessaloniki with strategic partners: Nanotechnology Lab LTFN of AUTh (http://www.ltfn.gr), OET, Fraunhofer, and other leading Organizations in Europe and worldwide and its membership in HOPE-A (Hellenic and Organic Printed Association (http://www.hope-a.com)and internationalNANONET network (www.nano-net.gr).