Blue Avatars MIKE is a start-up based in Thessaloniki, Greece that is creating innovative services and platforms in the area of Media, Video and Entertainment utilizing a mixture of technologies such as video streaming, WebRTC and VR to bring people from different locations together to socialize.
BlueAvatars has developed a step by step implementation plan acquiring access to constantly wider market. The development of the company is backed by current sales and equity. The business plan foresees a smooth growth without external funding. However, strong liquidity and an external funding of 300,000€ could accelerate crucially the further development and rapid expansion to the Global market.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Our CoWatching.tv service is currently demonstrated with multiple European OTT TV service providers.We are in discussions with 5G vendors and operators to showcase our service within 5G pilots.We are planning multiple commercial launches within 2021.
CoWatching.tv is bridging a mixture of technologies such as video streaming, WebRTC and VR to bring people from different locations together to socialize.Our technology overcomes certain special technical challenges such as embedding our platform with any Hollywood grade DRM Video platform, optimizing and synchronizing with no delays the multi-party communication and the avatars in our VR solution etc.Furthermore we are planning to open our platform to 3rd party brands, developers and artists, so we can create a unique ecosystem, a market place where you can choose and buy different VR places and areas where you can meet with your friends, buy virtual pizza, or virtual birthday cake so we will create a value added services (VAS) market within our platform to boost revenues to OTT TV service providers and participating 3rd party content providers.Our service can be integrated and launched with any existing OTT TV platform all over the world in less than 3 months. We can scale our service easily to expand to multiple TV/Video service providers and support millions of end-users.
We bring people from different locations together to socialize via technology
CoWatching.tvUsing a mixture of WebRTC, video streaming and VR technologies, we provide:1. Co-watching tv 2DPeople can join a video meeting, while their favorite movie or sports event is playing in the middle of the screen. They can chat, talk, socialize while watching their favorite video breaking the barriers social distancing puts on people around the world. They can access the platform from any device they might use to enjoy video content such as mobile phone, tablet, browser, set-top-box or smart tv. 2. Co-watching tv 3D VR ExperienceOur plan is to bring the magic of Virtual Reality to TV remote co-watching experience. In this virtual environment, people can meet with a click of a button in a mountain chalet, at a tower in NY, or in Manchester United Old Trafford VIP suite (plenty of “places” to choose from) and together watch their favorite movie/football game and interact with each other via VR technology. They can talk, push, make fun or even play α bowling or darts game altogether during half time.
Blue Avatars team consists of experienced professionals in the Media/TV/Video Services, Platforms and Applications industry with a strong vision on how technology and innovative services can shape the future of entertainment and content consumption across multiple screens.