Our company is commercially operating the last 2-3 years. Our services are offered almost to 20 brands – small and small/medium merchants with about 50 branches. BOOMS is already a fresh start-up business with strong foundations having the last 3 years overcome the childhood problems that start-ups usually face in the first years and we are already enjoying the loyalty and satisfaction of the merchants we serve. Our clients effectively use our services and thus they have managed to engage into digital era and raise their profits. Furthermore, our company, within 2020 managed to have a successful business start in USA serving already 7 more merchants and feeling proud for setting a very promising business development. Even more, what makes us proud is that we have created and gain our technological and business expertise through our strong effort of being close to our clients’ struggle for business survival and development. At last, all these achievements would not be easy without our effective and productive team and without our strong will for being creative.
BOOMS’s solution is to offer to merchants a customizable package of digital services which are competitive cheap, fully flexible and easy to use, no technical infrastructure and know required, no technical, increase profit instantly and most of all merchant owners do not need to spend their precious time to run them. More specifically these services are designed to be offered through a specified methodology and are divided to the following three sections:1.tBOOMS.Reward: a cloud based loyalty and marketing platform.2.tBOOMS.Connect: It works with BOOMS.Reward, an effective and easy to use Online marketing tool that allows businesses to run online campaigns, promos and interact with customers. 3.tBOOMS.Attract:attract is like an inhouse adverting agency for Social Media strategy and content creation in house, only cheaper.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Our services are not only innovative but also productive and instantly effective. Our innovation is applied both in technology used for our digital tools and also in our business approach/model. Specifically regarding, technology our main innovation is that we have created a digital marketing tool-kit that has embedded all 3 basic and important steps that a merchant needs to enter digital world, into one friendly and easy-use UI. These steps are: 1) customer subscribing, 2) customer rewarding, 3) customer interactive communication and what differentiates us from the rest of the market solution - besides that all steps are under one "roof" - is also our business approach towards merchants that has the following 3 fundamental principles: 1) very cheap SAAS economic model, 2) daily merchant support, 3) fully flexible and easy to use, 4) no technical infrastructure and know-how required, 5) increase profit instantly and 6) most of all merchant owners do not need to spend their precious time to run them as we do it for them.
Merchants struggle for profit. Digital age is here. Most consumers have already adjusted to digital advertising, consuming, rewarding and even more they demand it. Merchant must adjust too, otherwise they are slowly dying. However, the transition to digital age is not easy at all, as it seems. Most cases –market solutions – are too expensive, too complicated, technical infrastructure is needed, technical know how required and the most important the result is either unreliable or long-term. Therefore, merchants become disoriented by the several market solutions and even worse merchants need to rely to more than one company / solution in order to have a full 360 service regarding digital presence in market. Merchants need desperately a solution that brings almost instantly profit through digital world. Booms has successfully identified this crucial problem in depth and offers a digital Loyalty & Marketing suite designed to solve all these issues on behalf of merchant, at once.
BOOMS' s services are mainly - but not limited - designed to assist small and medium retail merchants. Specifically, merchants that cannot afford (economically wise, infrastructure wise and time wise) to adjust to digital age. The number of merchants that struggle for profit due to either their disorientation regarding offered solutions, as well as, due to their "business incapability" to adjust to digital age is growing extremely fast. The main reasons for this fast increasing is first of all, most digital solutions companies lack of the deep understanding that the real problem is not the low percentage of technology apply but the merchant daily support in applying such digital solutions. Furthermore, taking into consideration the general deficit that is taking part for a long period now, it boosts the number even more high. In simple words, it is an extremely fast-growing market that BOOMS' s services can be offered. Additionally, our services because are cloud based have no geographic limitations. In simple words, our strategy is as simple as out honest and humble intention to assist merchants’ struggle to adapt fast digital era and also fast and effectively increase their profits. We believe that the best growth strategy is working hard, being honest and offering an effective service. In fast changing word, growth strategy must be flexible and able to adapt. At last, nothing of all the above would be easy unless we could count on our our effective and productive team.
As we have already mentioned and described our services have no geographic limitations; therefore, they can be offered all over Greece and abroad. Consequently, the potentiality of our growth is "limit is the sky". However, what we consider that it might be a barrier for this potentiality is not to get in the right time, the right funding that companies need when they come to the point to boost their business. BOOMS is a company that has overcome all "child issues" that all start-ups face. Even better, we have deployed our services to more than 20 merchants with more than 50 branches and our effort has already gain the compliments by these merchants of how much effective we are and how much we have already assisted them in their business struggle. We have come to critical point regarding Business Development that we believe that a fund assist would allow us to increase our resources (both human and technical) and boost our potentiality and get to next level.