Boothic is a trademark of Boothic P.C., a technology design workshop based in Athens, GR. The company was established in 2019 by Nickolas Damofli, a freelance software developer & designer.Boothic is a Digital Video Guestbook that includes a unique tablet stand and an Augmented Reality Photo Booth app. Designed for any kind of events such as weddings, birthdays, kids parties, office parties and more, Boothic aims to become a much-needed replacement for the traditional rented photo booth and at the same time make photo booth technology a must-have for every party.Boothic is the easiest and most entertaining way to add a photo booth at your next event.
Boothic is pleased to announce that its exciting new party gadget, the DIY Photo Booth Kit, is now being launched on Kickstarter.We’re super excited to be on Kickstarter and hope you’ll join us for the exciting ride of making boothic a reality. We have spent nearly two years developing boothic and only started this campaign when we were 100% confident in our ability to deliver the product we had envisioned.During this time we’ve made countless tests and prototypes while refining the final concept. The hardware development is now complete while the app is in the final beta testing phase.Buy boothic on Kickstarter - Launch date 01/09/2021https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/boothic/boothic-diy-video-booth-kit
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Boothic aims to disrupt the Photo Booth industry on a global scale. The industry is currently a dispersed rental marketplace with local targeting.Our product proposes a fundamental change of the business model for this market by enabling users to own their own photo booth kit.Our initial focus is the Global Wedding industry, while we position our product as the go-to app for any event.50m - Wedding events per yearThe wedding market is a steady renewable market. Millions of wedding events use photo booths every yearhttp://afwpi.com/wedstats.htmlOther eventsBirthdays, namedays, new year's, graduations, dinner, pool, garden, welcoming and more7.2bn - Wedding event guests per year.The average number of guests per wedding event is 145. Guests interacting with our product along with the embeded social sharing feature will be key parts of our brand's expansion.Marketing channels- Kickstarter sales- Organic / paid search- Affiliate networks- News / Media / PR- Social Network Advertising
Boothic is currently a bootstrapped startup. We are currently raising capital to expand production capacity and start marketing/operations.
DIY Photo Booth Kit - Tablet Stand & Photo Booth app
Boothic combines hardware and software development to create engaging and fun experiences for events. Boothic aims to disrupt the Photo Booth industry on a global scale. We will be pursuing sales of our physical product, the tablet stand, and at the same time monetize our Augmented Reality mobile app through in-app purchases.Hardware-Innovative design (EUIPO Registered community design)-Folding design, enables cost-effective global shipping.-The Boothic Stand is "universal" supporting all tablets up to 11'-Embeded powerful LED light using the latest Circuit On Board (COB) technology.-Elegant, functional and sturdy.-Manufacturing and assembly takes place in Greece / Some components sourced globallySoftware & Ai computer vision technologyAugmented Reality mobile app providing an immersive augmented reality experienceFace tracking technology. Cross platform 3D Face tracking using advanced computer vision technology.- Custom AR filters- Real-time experience- Supports all major platforms- Works with all cameras- Multiple faces detection- Fast operationIntellectual PropertyEUIPO Registered Community design (Tablet Stand)RCD202000003932131 - 31-07-2020.EUTM - Registered Trademark018303058 - 04-01-2021 - Boothic™