Bryq was funded by Markellos Diorinos, Hassan Chahrour, and Guy Krief.Guy Krief has a background in psychology and was a key driver in the initial concept of Bryq and how to translate science into actionable insights.Hassan Chahrour is an experienced tech executive, who in the role of CTO has created a scalable and easily expandable platform, ready to accommodate the changing needs of customers.Markellos Diorinos is an experienced entrepreneur, who in the role of CEO has assembled an amazing team of people and rallies them around the common vision of driving change in the HR space.Using our own technology, Bryq now has a team of 30 people throughout the world (we have employees and contractors in Greece, the United Kingdom and the United States) who share the same common vision.A series of seasoned executives (including Rob Sharkey, our US-based SVP of sales) are powering Bryq and are delivering impressive, constantly improving results.
Bryq combines the results of 100 years of Industrial/Organization psychology with modern technology (cloud-based, chatbot-based UX, AI-powered assistants) to provide a unique platform that allows companies to collect objective data about their future or current employees and translate them into actionable insights.What used to require 3+ hours of assessments, trained I/O psychologists on staff and resulted in tons of hard-to-interpret data is now a quick 20-minute chatbot driven assessment, AI-powered assistants that help you quickly define target profiles and easy-to-read reports that clearly outline the next steps.
Bryq is a modern AI Talent Intelligence platform for better, faster, and more diverse hiring and talent management decisions - resulting in higher productivity, profitability, and overall company success.
Talent Intelligence Platform for better, faster and more diverse hiring and talent management decisi
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
A successful company is built on great people. So, how can you be sure you’re hiring and promoting the right people for your company?Bryq is a modern, AI-supported, Talent Intelligence Platform created to optimize your company’s HR decisions. By augmenting your HR decision making process with actionable, objective data you can both acquire better, more diverse talent, and optimally manage the talent you already have. Intelligently managing your workforce is a key success factor for modern businesses - and now it’s easier than ever to get it right with Bryq.
Bryq has raise a $4m pre-A Series in May, 2022. Further fundraising is expected in 2024.
Bryq for Startups - Hire better today! - Discount 50.00%
Bryq became commercially available in November, 2019. We have since been joined by over 120 companies, the majority of them from the United States and United Kingdom, but also reaching as far as Australia and Brazil. Our customers include growth startups like Persado and Blinkist but also large companies like EY and Teck- any company that values hiring the right set of diverse people is a potential customer.