As a startup we had an initial budget of 20000 and through hard pay-less work of the founding members we have managed to have had huge interest through the internet. With a mere cost of 2000 euros for advertising, in 2020 alone (1st of January-24 of December) our webpage has attracted more than 176,000 unique visitors out of which only 15 % were Greek Engineers. That however, translates to 26,000 engineers which is around the 40% of Greek Structural Engineers. The rest is 23% Indian engineers (40,000 individual users), 7.5 % engineers from the USA (13,000 individual users), 5,4 % from the Philippines (9,500 individual users), etc. 5,500 people have downloaded the promotional version of our program. Also, we have had contact with major giants of the construction world that have shown interest in our product. Examples are the ACI (American Concrete Institute) and the Greek manufacturers “Hellenic Halyvourgia” and ΤΙΤΑΝ.
We are a BIM and AI software company specialized in earthquake resistant Reinforced Concrete buildings.The industry of Reinforced Concrete(RC) building construction [about 50% of the global building construction material market] has always been facing the problem of how to do precise and correct calculations and estimations of all the needed materials. It is a matter of safety and integrity, but also of cost, because the materials will be purchased based on those calculations. Mistakes are usually a result of human negligence. It is hard to find trusted intermediates to order the materials from find and there is a lot of hassle to be dealt with, making the arrival of the materials late and costly. The industry/manufacturers are dealing with their own problems. They maintain a costly special department equipped with highly experienced engineers and foremen, in charge of checking and correcting the possibly faulty plans and catalogues of the responsible engineer. Also, the industry indirectly accepts the responsibility of the possible omissions that are bound to happen.
Vasileios Giannopoulos: Our main programmer, a civil engineer with lots of experience in the subject of finite elements.Konstantinos Anastasiadis: An architect and graphic designer specialized in 3D objectsAikaterini Konstantinidi: Civil engineering student, administrative manager Andreas Moutsanas: Administrative support Tatiani Konstantinidi: Chemist, managing director Konstantinos Lyrakis: Programmer and civil engineering student.Apostolos Konstantinidis: The "visionary" of the group is a well-established civil and software engineer, author with international patents. He is an advisor of the team on scientific matters. His books on antiseismic concrete buildings have made him well known in his field in Greece and have even gained the interest of the ACI. We also have many talented engineers for develloping and others for consulting, like John Bellos, Associate Professor of Structural Design and Construction in the Neapolis University of Cyprus, who have great experience in software engineering.
We have a functional BIM software that comes with two modules, who are a true implementation of the BIM technology. We want to provide the engineers and contractors, with a direct channel for online automated purchase of construction materials, bypassing costly and time consuming intermediate routes. We are introducing a worldwide breakthrough. Automated online ordering of the construction materials, via web order placement. This feature is not to be found anywhere else, globally. We know the market and we know that this is a much needed upgrade that will eventually take over.Our software is written in C ++ and OpenGL. We can scale up our business in the following steps:The first step: fully turning HoloBIM to SaaS (Software as a Service). This feature will facilitate the use of the software, by making it “lightweight” and easy to use anywhere. It will give us new international clientele of students and young engineers.Current step: AWS (Amazon Web Services) supports us with significant credit and high-quality infrastructure and marketing experts. We run through Appstream on any browser (chrome, safari, mozilla firefox, edge etc.) and on any operating system (Windows, Mac OS, Linux).The second step: Further growth, expansion of the e-ordering, strategic marketing, and customization of the software.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
HoloBIM is an elegant tool for structural analysis of a building, automatically calculating not only the building material but mainly the structural materials, who require complicated calculations. That is what makes holoBIM stand out from worldwide competitors. Furthermore, it has a unique feature that allows the direct online order of all the materials directly from the manufacturer. Like an e-shop for construction materials- comparing prices and technologies. Thanks to a web placed order, the engineer/contractor has control over the process, saving money and credibility. From the manufacturer’s point of view, this new feature can be very beneficial because: A) Web orders solve the issue of their legal vulnerability mentioned before, by making the terms of responsibility very clear and by dealing directly with the contractor/engineer B) Besides selling directly and without intermediates, manufacturers can use the program to register their products.
A BIM and AI software company specialized in earthquake resistant Reinforced Concrete buildings
Our needs are :•€2.5 mil for the first phase: a) Creating an 'AutoLISP type' programming environment with which our clients may customize the program to their specific needs and region regulations.b) Promote the BIM and AI technology of HoloBIM in the international construction industry market for structural design and construction.•€7.5 mil for the second phase: Promotion and marketing of the HoloBIM specifically for e-ordering of construction materials for earthquake-resistant buildings in the international market.