- Need for convenient and personalized solutions without the hassle of Google searching and downloading of numerus travel apps- Travellers seek for authentic local experiences “78% millennials would spend more on a desirable experiences over buying something desirable.”1- Overload of information on tourism/ Valuable information is offline - difficult to find information when abroad “Too many choices increased consumers making ‘no choice’2- Boom of Instant Message Apps Worldwide “Over 3.5 billion active monthly users”- Post App Economy - Rise of Instant Message Services “ 79% of time on their mobile phone using five apps”Using instant messaging applications our services are accessible to everyone having a smartphone. The service is not dependant on an application but on Instant Messaging apps that everyone already has on their phones. Especially downloading of "travel apps" is not so frequent and most travellers avoid it. Our service is based on the content it provides to travellers and the experience of talking to a local. We believe that a platform with selected locals and curated information where travellers can sign up and discuss about their travel is an experience that we lack right now. In order for this solution to expand we need to provide our platform to multiple travel destinations as all other parts of the service are already there.
Butlair is an Instant Message Concierge Service powered by local experts. Travellers can communicate with Butlair on fb Messenger, WhatsApp and WeChat to have a personalized experience of a destination. It is a service available 24/7 with instant response, provided from one human to another. The real life team behind the service are highly-trained professionals, ready to respond to travellers’ requests instantly and provide suggestions tailored to their taste. A cutting edge customer service system allows Butlairs to be fast & efficient. At the same time we are building bots to handle “easy” requests (timetables, public transportation etc.) to free up experts for more subjective work.Butlair wants to make travel more humane and give travellers a peace of mind, not with mechanical responses but through real humans with knowledge about whatever a traveller needs.More time to enjoy a delicious breakfast, to swim in an empty beach, to dance, to explore, to create long lasting memories.Less time on planning and more time on things that matter most.Wherever you may travel, Butlair is there to make your travel more personal and unique.Covering the most famous travel destinations around the world, we believe that Butlair can shape the future of travelling.
Travelers can book their Butlair on butlair.comButlair is available on FB Messenger, WhatsApp & WeChatIn order to support travellers we have developed a Customer Support & Management System where we store information about everything that might be neccessary to someone that is travelling to Greece. Our knowledge database contains hand picked information that is constantly updated and curated by our local experts. A cutting edge customer-centric management system allows Butlairs to be more efficient and fast.
The core Butlair team consists of two designers and an engineer. Angelina Grammatikaki and Leonidas Kapralos have a design background with a strong user centric approach on everything they do. This design background has been very usefull and we believe it is the most important factor in order an idea to succeed. Angelina Grammatikaki has also experience in the hospitality sector as she is also an owner of a resort in Crete. Dionysis Kalogeropoulos the team engineer has been involved on many engineering projects before joining Butlair. His experience in backend development using python and overal understanding has been very useful so far in developing Butlair's systems.
1. Butlair won the Early Stage Startup Prize and IQbility/Unisystems Award in the competition The Digital Gate 2015 by Athens International Airport (AIA).2. Butlair is supported by Athens Center for Entrepreneurship and Innovation - AUEB.3. Launch Butlair in Athens July 20164. Butlair has been hosted in numerus greek magazines, websites & TV Shows4. Collaboration with Athens International Airport - Butlair is hosted on aia.gr website& on 7 monitors at the Arrivals Department.5. Expansion to Santorini, Crete & Mykonos May 20176. Collaboration with Bluebell Suites as a Representative in Crete August 2017
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Butlair is a service that connects travelers with a team of local experts through Instant Messaging.
Ιn order to implement the Business Plan, a total funding of €900,000is required primarily for:By the end of 5th Year Butlair is expected to have €4.475.000 annualrevenues from the three markets combined.