Why Buy The Mile?Because if you do a few kilometers a year with your car, then, Buy The Mile programs are the best solution for you, as you start with 3,000 kilometers per year and you can whenever you need to gain an additional 2,000 kilometers.
BuyTheMile SA is a private car insurance company specializing in car insurance using telematics technology. The company is the leading insurance telematics provider in Greece and Cyprus. The first basic insurance product, allows drivers to buy insurance coverage based on how much they drive. Our main goal is to make the driving experience reward our customers and provide them with useful information about their driving habits through the BuyTheMile app and our website.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
What is included;OBD Telematics DeviceThe telematics device (OBD) is a mileage recorder installed in your car, which records the kilometers you travel, but not your distances.Update via SMS & EmailYou will be informed when your mileage limit is at 80%, 95% and 100%.Update via AppYou can watch through the online application or by downloading the Buy The Mile mobile application on your mobile, 24 hours a day, the kilometers you have traveled and the rest you have left, the start and end date of your routes and you have the opportunity to buy additional 2000 kilometers.
BuyTheMile SA is a private car insurance company specializing in car insurance using telematics tech
BuyTheMile SA is a private car insurance company specializing in car insurance using telematics technology. The company has been operating since 2015 and is the leading provider of insurance telematics in Greece. The first basic insurance product, started in 2016 and allows drivers to buy insurance coverage based on how much they drive. Our main goal is to make the driving experience reward our customers and provide them with useful information about their driving habits through the BuyTheMile app and our website.