Campsaround is seeking to raise a pre-seed round in 2022.
Campsaround is an outdoor growing community, an online booking platform for nature stays, starting from the Mediterranean region. A place that serves travelers with the best spots to relax, refill and reconnect all year round engaging with locals and with respect to the natural habitat. We partner with camping, glamping and landowners, enabling them to host nature lovers and tailor their experiential offering to the distinct needs of the modern nature traveler.
Our main goal, with Campsaround, is to offer an All-In-One solution for these accommodations and digitize the booking process. On the one hand, we want to help owners keep track of bookings online, save time while managing them and get access to an international market through advertising. On the other hand, we will help guests find online a variety of accommodations, choose the one that they prefer, book it online and pay through a safe bank system. In addition to that, we create an online presence for these accommodations. Their amenities, facilities, services and all benefits they offer are listed online so that travellers are aware of what they will find upon their arrival. We will also provide them with a PMS to manage their bookings and avoid overbookings.
Our competitive advantage is that we offer a unified solution exclusively for Alternative Accommodations. Concerning Greece, where Glamping has just been legislated with law 4688/2020, we have very good knowledge of this market compared to our competitors, since we are involved with it more than 2 years ago. The customer success we offer to our B2B clients is tailor made which increases their commitment with Campsaround. Our unique expertise in marketing automation techniques helps us increase conversion rates and returning customers, concerning our B2C clients. Also, due to COVID-19 Campsaround is a platform that can be used by remote workers looking for safe & isolated spaces close to nature.In Europe, Glamping market size is expected to reach USD 10 billion by 2025. Glamping especially in Western Europe has been growing over the last years at about 7% annually and the preference of tourists in this type of vacation has increased the number of Europeans that stay in Europe for their holidays. Last but not least, the evolution of glamping units, that are set-up easier and offer a great outdoor experience, drive the market to grow.
The founding team consists of Kyriakos Tsigkros in the role of CEO and Katerina Kamtsi in the role of COO. Kyriakos has studied Project Management and Marketing & Communications at AUEB. As an Account Manager at ContactPigeon, he worked with many big clients such as Folli Follie Group, Infoquest, AB Vasilopoulos, plaisio.gr as well as digital agencies. Katerina has studied Business Administration in AUEB and her professional experience is in Marketing, Digital advertisement and project management. They worked together, for second time, during 2018 in the Greek start-up, ContactPigeon, where they managed to cooperate and work with some of the biggest eshops in Greece and provide support, guidance and consultancy to over 200 clients. Kyriakos an individual with exceptional communication skills, problem solving mindset and can do attitude, and Katerina with organizational, project management skills and marketing experience successfully helped many marketing teams to accomplish their goals.
Campsaround is the booking platform that connects owners of unique spots with nature lovers.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
So far, Campsaround has completed significant milestones that have helped the company's development. During June of 2019, we entered the EGG, a comprehensive business incubation and acceleration programme, with the duration of a year. In December 2020, we won the 1st Award and the Special Audience Award of CapsuleT Accelerator Program, an initiative by the The Hellenic Chamber of Hotels (HCH). During the program we gained important knowledge in the tourism sector. During Summer 2020 which was the first year of our operations and although, tourism economy has been heavily hit by the COVID-19, we received hundreds of booking requests and managed to serve multiple guests. We brought 25000 unique users into our website, 70% of which was organic and with only 120€ advertisement spending. Last but not least, in October 2020 we won a grant by The People's Trust organisation.