-General Manager, Anastasios Tsiaousidis with a Master in Business from University of Cologne. He has more than 30 years of experience in medical field, especially in medical treadmills and rehabilitation products. He started to work in business department of companies like COCA COLA (one year), AEG ELECTRICAL (3 years), TITAN CEMENT (6 years) and in some small medical equipment companies (30 years). - Co Founder, Anatoli Tsiaousidou a Medical engineer with more than 5 years of experience in quality and certification department. She started her career working in the medical equipment service and later in sales on that field. At the same time, she studied quality control of medical devices. She speaks fluently English and German.-Co Founder, Despoina Tsiaousidou a business graduate with more than 6 years of experience inmarketing. She started her career by working on sales. She has also participated in a lot of international medical equipment exhibitions such as MEDICA DUSSELODORF. At the same time, she has studied international marketing. She speaks fluently English and German.- Co Founder, Stylianos Santorinaios is an experienced technician with more than ten years of experience in assembly equipment and treadmills.
Our company’s main activity is the design and production of innovated Medical Equipment, mainly medical treadmills and rehabilitation equipment. We strive to provide reliable testing treadmills with innovative solutions. We tend to keep our production small in order to achieve the highest quality level and the ability to develop unique solutions, for a variety of testing applications.
Our startup is a really innovative company and the only in Greece that tries to product INTELLIGENT PHYSICAL REHABILITATION THERAPY (REHA-INT). REHA-INT is a very innovative series of products with large range of potential uses, both in rehabilitation and sports. We intend to patent this product as soon as possible. It works completely different, with Physical rehabilitation instruments that are based on robotics, pneumatics, electromechanical feedback, automated exercise optimization and personalized healthcare treatment.All other rehabilitation products are quite simple, so that makes our product very competitive. Our medical treadmill has few competitors and with our cardiac rehabilitation system, we conclude a range of rehabilitation products. A series of instruments and electronic devices are elaborated aiming at faster and more efficient physical rehabilitation of injured people, delicate exercise of disabled and elderly individuals and optimized training for elite athletes. The real innovation we achieved with Physical rehabilitation instruments is based on robotics, pneumatics, electromechanical feedback, automated exercise optimization and personalized healthcare treatment. Imagine a gym instrument that sometimes assists and sometimes resists movement, according to instructions and it is programmed by a medic; an instrument that perceives the difficulty in movement of an injured person and complements the strength required;
There going to be designed two new innovative products: The first one concerns a new product for cardiac rehabilitation and the other one an innovative rehabilitation and kinesitherapy machine. A series of instruments and electronic devices aiming at faster and more efficient physical rehabilitation of injured people, delicate exercise of disabled and elderly individuals and optimised training for elite athletes.The proposed system concerns the design and construction of integrated and innovative rehabilitation and kinesitherapy machines. They consist of an improved exercise corridor, flanked by a single-abduction electrocardiograph, a pulse acidometer and a system which restraints the patient’s body with a type of crane. The new devices will be connected with an appropriate software that is expected to be developed properly in each case and that will allow the machine to communicate with any computing system. The proposed rehabilitation system will aim at restoring and ultimately improving the quality of life of people, who suffer from chronic heart diseases or they experience orthopedic problems, etc. At the meantime, the low cost of its construction and programming, will allow its widespread use even in patients at home. As it has already mentioned, it will be developed a special software that will collect data from the treadmill and will also control and regulate the treadmill automatically.
We are looking to make new partnerships and export cooperation in the European market and especially in Germany, Spain, Poland, Portugal and Italy. On the other hand, we want to expand to other international markets, such as United States of America, Saudi Arabia, Egypt and Iran. The channels we prefer to use, are mainly the medical exhibitions in Dusseldorf. This is the largest meeting in that field in the world and probably the most important opportunity to find suitable partners and representatives around the world, as well to present our new products. We are also planning to participate in Arab Healthcare exhibition meetings, which is the most important medical fair in the Middle East.
Main scope of the company is to develop and produce high technology medical and rehabilitation equipment with intelligent medical treadmills as our main products. We have already built the first medical treadmill for stress test and rehabilitation as well as two new series of products for rehabilitation and we have also started to develop the first one.07/2018:Company establishment03/2019:construction of the first medical treadmill08/2019:CE marking of the medical treadmill02/2020:New cooperation contract with Health Care International (USA)04/2021:development of the cardiac rehabilitation product and design of the intelligentphysical rehabilitation therapy (REHA-INT).
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.