CIBOS involves a multi-disciplinary team working in Research and Innovation for almost two decades now. Being a spin-off of the Institute of Communication and Computer Systems (ICCS) of the National Technical University of Athens (NTUA), CIBOS has an experienced team in various application domains including, but not limited to, logistics and maritime, smart infrastructure, connected and automated mobility, electromobility and green transport, water and energy management.Mrs. Evangelia Latsa, co-founder and CEO, has over 20 years of experience in project management and being a CEO in small and medium enterprises in the maritime and logistics sectors. She is very experienced in managing human resources and in the financial management of large-scale projects and operations. Dr. Athanasia Tsertou, co-founder and CTO, has significant experience in research and in managing large scale projects, especially EU co-funded projects. She has graduated from the school of Electrical and Computer Engineering of the NTUA in 2003 and she has obtained a PhD degree in Wireless CSMA/CA Networks from the University of Edinburgh, School of Engineering and Electronics in 2006. CIBOS team is literally bridging the gap between research with business innovation paving the way for the design and creation of novel products targeting the new Industry 4.0 era.
2022 was a year of significant growth for CIBOS Innovation. It has attracted in total 390,000 funding from several EC-funded streams to further develop its main platform products. It will partner with the UrbanReleaf consortium for developing a citizen-based tree registry for the Municipality of Athens. It has been successful in obtaining cascade funding for further advancing its prototype for voice based picking, as a preliminary market analysis showed the target market sector requests for lower hardware costs and minimum onboarding time for warehouse picking staff.In 2021, CIBOS had gained significant traction, as it was assigned by Pyletech Technologies the challenging and ambitious research and innovation project for the feasibility of an unmanned aerial vehicle that is able to transfer heavy loads (100-150 kg) over long distances. In this project, CIBOS capitalises on its long track record and expertise in Connected and Automated Mobility, and collaborates with top-Spanish research institutes for this project with a view to shaping the future in automated cargo deliveries. Finally, it already has its first commercial contracts with leading ICT and software house companies in Greece, while at the same time promoting its innovative solutions with top Greek industries in the fields of communications, energy and logistics.
The section regarding Funding Needs will be updated soon.
CIBOS aims to disrupt technology innovation in Greece, Europe and beyond.
CIBOS current product palette mainly comprises the following solutions:EVerywhere Electromobility Platform - Visualisation, remote monitoring and control of your charging stations and other emobility assets (OCPP 1.6, 2.0, custom protocols upon request). Booking, billing and contract management, smart charging services supported. Intuitive user interface for platform and mobile app.Pick-By-Vision for Warehouse Logistics -Boost your warehouse operations using our Pick-By-Vision solution based on smart glasses. Completely hands-free operation for scanning and order completion, with step-by-step guidance for the picking staff so that errors and accidents are minimised and efficiency is improved. The company is currently working towards a second prototype which will be based on voice-only, in order to lower the startup/hardware costs and onboarding time for pickers.Zero Waste Cups Platform - Platform supporting circular solutions in take-away beverages and food. It is addressing companies, wishing to provide recyclable containers for coffee and food to their customers, with complete traceability and engagement support.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
CIBOS driving force is technology and business innovation. All its products are based on cutting edge technology advances, ranging from VR and AR solutions that aim to revolutionise logistics and Industry 4.0 training and collaborative working, through digital solutions for supporting smart and green mobility. Being the spinoff company of ICCS research institute, it has a wide network of collaborating organisations - industry, academics, research institutes and public authorities - and is by its organisation profile, actively following the most recent advances in research and innovation.On the other hand, its hand-picked products have been dictated by actual business and market needs, co-designed with private and public actors that are wishing to invest in its innovative solutions. As such, they are scalable by design, with small start-up costs for the client, and with a flexible business model, tailored to the clients' growth, needs and strategy.The company has grown remarkably in the last year, having tripled its team, while in parallel it has received R&D funds for further advancing its platform solutions for green mobility (EVerywhere), circular economy (ZeroWasteCups), and hands-free warehouse picking (Pick-by-voice and vision).
CIBOS aims to disrupt technology innovation in Greece, Europe and beyond. As a spinoff company of ICCS research institute, it capitalises on an extensive know-how and expertise of a team of more than 100 researchers, scientists and engineers. It aims to hand-pick cutting edge innovations of the group that show a greater market potential and lead them to commercialisation. CIBOS aims to contribute to the new Economy of Platforms and create cutting edge products and services around digital platforms that will support a number of economy sectors in their digitisation and transformation into the new Industry 4.0 era.CIBOS has developed a series of products for the industries of transport and logistics, while also being active in other sectors, such as Industry 4.0, environment and circular economy. From a technology perspective, it has considerable expertise in Virtual, Augmented and Mixed Reality solutions, digital platforms and applications.