We will be looking for our seed funding in S1’22 and asking for €3M to expand in multiple destinations and form strategic partnerships with Local Tour Operators per country that have extensive market share.We are looking for an investor that apart from financial investment will be able to help us build strategic partnerships with global names in the Tourism Industry, be it an Airline, a Wholesaler, an OTA, a Cruiseline or a bit Tour Operator. Example names of Partners that we’d need:City Sightseeing WorldwideEasyJet/Ryanair/Lufthansa/Air France/Virgin AtlanticBooking.com/GetYourGuide/TUI Musement/TiqetsRoyal Caribbean International
A SaaS platform to create and distribute self-guided digital tours.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
•We are currently covering top destinations and attractions in 15 countries with more than 400 tours.•In 2019 we served 50K travellers and 10x’ed our revenues (compared to 2018’s) reaching €760K.•In 2019, we partnered with GetYourGuide to run an experiment to upsell our audio tours on attraction tickets and achieved a 17% conversion rate, proving our products’ upselling value.•Our bookings in August 2021 were higher than 2019’s by 26,6% making August ‘21 our best month yet with €203K revenues.•We’ve raised 500K from VC & around 550K from EU Grants and State loans.•We’ve attracted 11 awards for our sustainable tourism practices & business model. The most important were from the United Nations World Tourism Organization in 2021 and from booking.com in 2018.•We diversified our revenue stream in response to COVID-19 and managed to survive one of the worst years in history for travel.
In Clio Muse Tours, we have invented a scalable way to produce high quality audio & virtual tours and help tour operators and Online Travel Agencies increase their upselling success rate. Through our platform, tourism & culture professionals create self-guided digital tours for top attractions & city walks. Tours are then distributed through the biggest Online Travel Agencies globally (Expedia, booking.com, Viator - TripAdvisor Experiences, GetYourGuide, Klook, TUI - Musement and many more) for travellers to experience them through our mobile app or through their browser.Our Business model:B2B2C: Sell our premium tours to travellers through strategic partnerships with Online Travel Agencies (OTAs), Marketplaces for tours and activities and big tourism companies.B2C: Sell tours through cliomusetours.com and AppleStore/Playstore. B2B: Create digital tours on request and offer our platform to museums and cultural institutions to create their own digital tours. Unique Selling Points:- B2B Partnerships that create scale & low customer acquisition costs- Storytelling methodology that educates authors and travellers to engage- Scalable model for content creationIn 2019:- Covered top destinations in GR, IT, SP, NL, DE & TR with Skip-the-line combos (ticket & audio) & Virtual Experiences- Served 50K travellers- Multiplied our revenues by 10 reaching €760K- Partnered with GetYourGuide to upsell our audio tours on entry tickets (17% conv. rate)
The problems that the tourism market is facing, are:•Guided tours are of limited availability, they are expensive (especially attraction tours) and offer no social distancing. •The tourism industry’s racing to increase their revenues. Online Travel Agencies (OTAs) are looking for smart and scalable products to upsell and Tour Guides are looking for alternative revenues.Our solution is a SaaS platform that offers a scalable way to produce high quality self-guided tours via culture & tourism professionals. Tours are of unlimited availability and instantly accessible. They serve as high-converting upsells for global distributors in travel to increase their revenues.Our platform consists of the following tools:•Clio Muse CREATE, which is our authoring tool & booking management system. Authors create tours using our award-winning storytelling methodology.•Clio Muse App & Tour Experience, which are the ways to take our audio, skip-the-line and virtual tours. Travelers can access their purchased self-guided audio tours, through native iOS / Android apps for offline use, or through a browser.•Cliomusetours.com, which is our e-shop & tour portfolio. Travelers can easily purchase our tours & global distributors select tours to sell.•Clio Muse Magic Link, which is our seamless integration for immediate access to our tours. Distributors can offer our tours as add-on products as simply as sharing a link.
Our team of 14 includes people with complementary skills in tech, cultural content, business dev., customer care, marketing, design & operations. Find below short bios for our founders:Andreas, 31, co-founder & CPO. As a conservator of antiquities & works of art, he is helping us penetrate the tourism & culture industries. He connects with cultural institutions bringing back trends, insights & big contracts. Online Tour Operators have been appreciating our long-lasting partnerships with museums and tours resulting from these relationships.Daphne, 30,co-founder & CFO. Her studies in finance and business administration and her passion for win-win situations are responsible for our penetration in most global online travel agencies via self-guided products. Her persistence and discipline on financial matters led us from a 3-people startup to a 13 full-time people company and in summer 2019 she orchestrated our sustainability plan for covid19.Yiannis, 35, is our co-founder, CEO and COO. As an electrical & computer engineer he naturally likes to organise and build stuff, tech and teams. He functions as the connecting glue which makes our tech, people and operations tick. On a daily basis he’s gathering specs from his co-founders, dept. heads and customers and translates them into deliverables for the whole team. He’s a born optimist continuously looking for ways to increase our He’s a born optimist continuously looking for ways to increase our organisational capacity.
We are a Software as a Service platform for culture and tourism professionals and institutions to create their digital tours. Thus, we can easily offer tours all across the world. Through our great global network of business partners (big Online Travel Agencies & Museums) we build our user community with low acquisition costs.Most immediate and relevant competitors:VOX Group& QuestoOur USPs:Award-winning storytelling methodology: Through our authoring tool Clio Muse Tours, authors follow our award-winning tour structure and create engaging digital tours. Each point of interest is presented through 3 to 5 standalone short stories providing multifaceted information. Business Model & Global Distribution network already established (OTAs & Museums): We distribute tours through the biggest Online Travel Agencies & Marketplaces for tours and activities and reach millions of customers without investing big money for marketing (e.g. GetYourGuide, Viator, TUI Musement, Expedia, Tiqets, etc.). Our products are high-selling and highly rated because we have managed to combine great content and a lean customer journey for our users to enjoy the tours instantly with just enough content.Ongoing collaboration with the Federation of European Tourist Guide Association & other authors: We have a long-standing relationship with Tourist Guides and Authors all over the world and are capable of finding the best authors in any destination through our screening process.