Cloudpharm is a bio-pharmaceutical R&D Company founded and established in Greece in 2016. Its core business focuses on the discovery of bioactive compounds and next generation food supplements. Cloudpharm develops state-of-the-art algorithms for drug repurposing and provides computational services for drug design and development. Using our proprietary technology and latest computational methodologies, coupled with our scientific expertise in the field of drug discovery and health product development, a wide network of industrial and academic collaborators, we aim to deliver integrated solutions to the pharmaceutical industry.
We believe in creating value. Cloudpharm's experienced team is a flexible and versatile R&D partner to every pharmaceutical company that wants to implement next generation methodologies for the development of new products.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Drug repurposing market is a huge market, which is estimated to hit almost $30 billion by the year 2028, while the same amount in EU market is projected to reach $10 billion. Current advances in computational power and new approaches like Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning allow cost-effective solutions for drug repurposing. The product we are developing is a next generation drug repurposing platform, which we aim to exploit as an IP generator for repurposed drugs.
Current advances in computational power and new approaches like Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning allow cost-effective solutions for drug repurposing. We have a ​ Structure-based approach​ and we focus on 3D data, complementing with 1D information​. Our AI eliminates false positive predictions which are based on the entire proteome​. We are mapping the human Variome containing all mutational data on proteins towards personalized therapies​​
Cloudpharm develops machine learning and AI algorithms for drug repurposing and food supplements.
Our first IP on a repurposed drug is on the works, IP is being prepared to be ready Q3 of 2023 and hopefully we will be able to produce 2 extra IPs by the end of next year. We aim to exploit our product through valuation of the IP produced + royalties that will be generated through partnerships with the pharma industry​ We have already produced a blueprint of a potential scalability of our product including dry and wet lab facilities​.​
We have initiated the project in 2020, receiving a funding of 450k and we’ve reached a point were the Development stage is 50% complete. In less than a year from know we aim to have finished the Platform validation and beta version. Our first IP on a repurposed drug is on the works, IP I being prepared, to be ready Q3 of 2023 and hopefully we will be able to produce 2 extra IPs by the end of next year. We aim to exploit our product through valuation of the IP produced + royalties that will be generated through partnerships with the pharma industry. We havealready produced a blueprint of a potential scalability of our product which is valuated at an approximate cost of 500k euro. With this funding we aim to take our product to the next level, ready to produce an innovative fee for a service towards the pharma industry.