The climate crisis is more urgent than ever and decarbonising is critical to achieve the Paris Agreement target and the UN SDGs. This poses a challenge to the traditional construction sector since it is responsible for almost 37% of energy and process-related CO2 emissions. Cocoon Modules disrupts the conventional construction industry by up-cycling used shipping containers into sustainable turnkey & eco-friendly modular buildings effectively reducing CO2 and GHG emissions and addressing the circular economy. Prefabrication and the use of the latest technology and advances in material design allow for smart and sustainable buildings that can be applied in various contexts from digital nomad villages to elderly homes and student accommodations to sustainable & smart megacities. The company aims to create design-led modular buildings and promote a new way of living that has a positive impact for both society and planet Earth with the use of smart technology and AI. Cocoon Modules was founded in 2015 and entered the EGG Incubator in Greece. After two years of R&D, the Company produced its 40ft prototype unit, which was exhibited and praised by media worldwide. After successfully launching its proof of concept and having bootstrapped until this day, the Company is now raising capital to further fuel its growth.
The successful “proof of work” has led to enormous traction from all over the world, especially after the pandemic outbreak and Cocoon Modules rightfully seeks Seed funding to achieve the milestones set for the upcoming 5 years and respond to the increased demand and challenges ahead with potential for speedy EBITDA generation. Financial model presents 2 options:BASE CASE MODELFunding Cocoon Modules' direct operations to facilitate generated high traction by optimizing existing facility as well as fuel R&D.JV MODELInvolves funding mother company in Greece as well as a JV to build and operate a manufacturing facility in the GCC or Europe based on an automated assembly line to mass prefabricate sustainable buildings for the touristic, residential, commercial and smart megacity sectors.
One solution to reduce the impact of CO2 emission caused by the construction activity is using re-used material, such as shipping containers because the re-used material has low embodied energy. In addition we propose sustainable developments that are smart-enabled and focus on improving energy consumption as well as green everyday practices, while having excellent thermal performance. Also off-site Construction means lower CO2 emissions due to reduced transportation of materials and labour. There is no need for deep foundations, so land intervention is minimal. Finally to tackle the housing problem and the lack of space in today’s cities, Cocoon Modules proposes downsizing and the use of an automated assembly line to minimise costs. Using the aforementioned combined methodology Cocoon Modules offers pre-fabricated eco-friendly modular buildings for the residential, commercial, tourism, and smart city sectors.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Cocoon Modules was founded by UK-chartered and academic Nastazia Spyropoulou who has more than 15 years of experience specializing in the residential sector as well as modular design and construction. Our team has complementary skill sets (design, R&D, engineering, finance, tech) and is highly experienced. Combining the best of all worlds (academia, technology and investment) Cocoon Modules has a well defined strategy and a system based approach for fast but diligent scaling via megacities and smart cities.
Cocoon Modules has the alternative design approach to transform the shipping container into a functionally well-designed living space as well as the technical expertise to utilize the latest technologies in order to deliver the ultimate contemporary dwelling. As such the Company gives particular emphasis on Research & Development as well as partnerships with key companies that can contribute to the Company’s business model and vision. Key to the development of the Company’s business model is the use of the latest Building Information technology (BIM), Digital Twin technology,IOT technology, Photogrammetry, Blockchain technology for real estate tokenization and the latest VR technology and AI (Artificial intelligence) creating value in ways not seen before and effectively bringing the Company to the forefront of building design and innovation. Also the high demand for sustainable projects in the tourism sector as well as the high demand for modular prefabrication in the UAE, KSA and Africa drives the company’s ambition to engage in smart megacity projects in these regions.
Designed & constructed one of the most featured 40ft container homes worldwide. The successful “proof of work” has led to enormous traction from all over the world and established Cocoon Modules’s brand among the best upcoming modular prefabrication companies worldwide. • Prototype featured in highly prestigious architectural websites and publications• 1.2 million views on Youtube channel (500+ positive comments)• Constant high traction from 160 countries• 1900 enquiries only in 2022• Active project pipeline • Approached by key players in the GCC incl. Sharjah Sustainable City, Neom, Al-’Ula, Masdar City, Yiti sustainable city, SOBHA Realty, Bk Gulf