Our spinoff was founded by Dr. Xenofontas Dimitropoulos (CEO), Dr. Vasileios Kotronis (CTO), and Mr. Lefteris Manassakis (COO), who left their research and academic careers to establish and run Code BGP.The founders have together over 40 years of work experience in the area of Internet routing both in academia and the industry. A unique competence they all bring to the startup is deep knowledge of the Border Gateway Protocol. The three founders have collaborated for over 7 years and have many accomplishments together, including 2 ERC PoC grants, several papers in top venues, and a Best Paper Award in ACM SIGCOMM, the most prestigious venue in the area of computer networks. In the first year of its operation, Code BGP built a team of 9 highly qualified people covering diverse backgrounds. The team consists of a Senior Backend Developer, a Senior DevOps Engineer, a Frontend Developer, a UI/UX Designer, a Data Analyst, and a Business Analyst. Most of the team members have experience with building products in the industry. The company plans to grow significantly in the next year.
We are not actively looking for funding at the moment, but we are open to suggestions.
We empower our users with real-time views and incident alerts about their network infrastructure.
We have signed our first contract with a paying customer, and Code BGP cloud is actively being tested by multiple large networks (Tier 1 ISPs, Content Providers, CDNs) around the world.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Our approach to securing BGP contributes to a more secure Internet, since: (i) It offers a network operator a practical way to detect and counter, in real-time, BGP hijacking attacks (e.g., sub-prefix, fake origin) against its own prefixes. (ii) It is complementary to RPKI. By working in concert, the two approaches can offer more complete proactive (RPKI) and reactive (our approach) protection against BGP prefix hijacking attacks. (iii) It surpasses the state of the art (i.e., third party detection services) in terms of detection speed, comprehensiveness, and accuracy, by leveraging both global (BGP monitors) and local (network operator contextual knowledge) information.
Code BGP is a startup that provides SaaS solutions for network automation, visibility, and security. We focus specifically on BGP. We are incorporated in Delaware, US and have founded a subsidiary in Greece. We are a spinoff of the Institute of Computer Science - Foundation for Research and Technology - Hellas and our offices are in the Science and Technology Park of Crete, Greece.
The Code BGP Platform is a cloud service that automatically creates and maintains an inventory of the announced IP address prefixes, AS numbers, peerings, RPKI ROAs and outbound policies of an organization via configured sources, like BGP feeds. Then, it exposes this inventory in real-time through an open data-driven API. The security service provides real-time BGP hijacking and route leak detection and mitigation based on the principles of the state-of-the-art ARTEMIS approach. The verification service provides real-time monitoring of what an organization announces to the Internet so it ensures the enforced network policies are compliant with the organization's intentions.