Our invention combines three unique innovative elements for the first time in the field of diagnosis of prediabetes and the prediction and monitoring of T2DM, namely liquid biopsy, methylation biomarkers, automated machine learning (autoML). The autoML predictive model built based on our laboratory results demonstrates the highestperformance than any other previously reported or used generally in diabetes entities (AUC of 0.927 (95%CI 0.874 - 0.967) discriminating T2DM from health and average Precision of 0.951 (95% CI 0.914 - 0.980). The superiority of our model relies on: a. the autoML feature selection of a combination rather that a single methylation biomarker, b. the use of liquid biopsy mirroring the pancreas, c. the combination of epigenetic with other patient features.
An EPO/WIPO patent application has been filed and is currently under consideration, entitled “Method for monitoring pancreatic beta-cell destruction in disease prediction/diagnosis/prognosis of type 2 Diabetes Mellitus’ (EP21386030, PCT/EP2022/000048 filing date 20/5/2022). Initial EPO feedback was positive. Inventors are members of the present consortium (Prof E Chatzaki, Prof. I Tsamardinos, Dr. M Karaglani), the rights belong to Democritus University of Thrace and there is a license agreement with ABCureD.
Ekaterini Alexiou - Chatzaki PhD, CEO & Co-founder, Professor of Pharmacology, Faculty of Medicine, Democritus University of Thrace (Med-DUTH). Director, Research Institute Agro-Health, Hellenic Mediterranean University, Crete. Strong background in biomarker discovery & novel therapeutic targets, EPO/PCT patent owner.Theodoros Constantinidis, COO & Co-founder Occupational Physician, Professor of Hygiene, Director of the Laboratory of Hygiene and Environmental Protection, Med-DUTH. Editor of the scientific journal Hygeia@ergasia. Chairman of the Standing Committee for Hazardous Occupations. Chairman of the National Examination Committee for the Specialization of Occupational Medicine.Theodosios Theodosiou, CTO & Co-founder - PhD Bioinformatics. Digital technology entrepreneur, Founder of the Statnous startup, Researcher in EnzyQuest’s startup Bioinformatics Research Department. Data Protection Officer (DPO) experience.Maria Christina Cheimonidi, CSO & Co-founder - Msc, PhD MolecularBiology. Post Doctoral Researcher, Institute of Molecular Biology & Biotechnology (IMBB-FORTH), Greece. External research collaborator in the Institute of Agro-Health. IKY fellowship grantee for PhD research.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
ABCureD P.C. offers a laboratory test for pancreatic cell loss monitoring in Diabetes. The solution we propose is based on an innovative minimally invasive method for the diagnosis of prediabetes and the prediction and monitoring of T2DM.The ABCureD research team has developed a method that shows high sensitivity and accuracy in detecting pathological manifestations of T2DM – the highest reported in the literature (proof-of-concept). We focus on circulating DNA (ccfDNA), a liquid biopsy biomaterial that reflects epi/genetic features of a pathological tissue. Specifically, the method uses a machine learning model, incorporating pancreatic β-cell gene methylation patterns and selected patient demographic data. The test is performed on a blood sample and implemented in the laboratory with a technique based on PCR and accompanied by a smart easy-to-use application. The treating physician is informed with a score that reflects the extent of pancreatic damage (currently not possible with any other test), based on which he will make informed decisions about individualized management, as well as patient awareness.
SHORT-TERM NEEDS: Pre-seed (400,000-600,000€) used for Professional branding & marketing and show ABCureD capital to request EU and National fundingLONG-TERM NEEDS (3,000,000€) used for Company development (marketing, market penetration, customer relationships, etc.), Business development, Patent applications and maintenance, Access to AI - AutoML platforms, Participation in competitive EU and National funding programs
ABCureD P.C. is a spinoff company of Democritus University of Thrace in the biotech sector. We are using state of the art AutoML to discovery novel Biomarkers for diseases, like diabetes, using an innovative minimally invasive method called Liquid Biopsy.
A laboratory test for pancreatic cell loss monitoring in Diabetes