The need for control and governance of AI technology by all involved stakeholders makes transparency and fairness an absolute imperative for AI systems.For that reason, Code4Thought is developing the Pythia technology.
Code4Thought is a technology company with a unique purpose, to render technology transparent, for large-scale software systems and AI models. Our vision is to help people trust technology, so we support organizations in creating and using technology in a sustainable and responsible way either from a technical or a human point of view.
C4T helps society address challenges & injustices imposed by automated decision making systems
Considering the fact that PyThia is between Technology Readiness Level TRL6 & TRL7, our achievements so far are:Proof of Concept ProjectsJan 2021: Dutch Technology company specialised in Computer Vision, Bias Testing & Explainability AnalysisJan 2020: US based high-tech corporation, Algorithmic Accountability & Explainability AnalysisSept 2018: Greek Financial Institution, Algorithmic Accountability AssessmentScientific/Academic credibility (indicatively)“Evaluating MASHAP for model-agnostic ML interpretability”, 2020 IEEE Conference on Big Data“PyThia: A Reporting Tool on Bias Evaluation and Mitigation",Mechanism Design For Social Good International Workshop 2020“Model-Agnostic Interpretability with Shapley Values”, 2019 International Conference on IISA “Accountability of Algorithmic Systems: How We Can Control What We Can’t Exactly Measure”, Cutter Business Technology Journal, Mar. 2019Thought Leadership: contribution to the book “97 Things About Ethics”, Bill Franks, O’Reilly, 2020
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Yiannis Kanellopoulos CEO & Founder Yiannis founded C4T in 2018 and has over 17 years of experience in evaluating large scale software systems as a PhD researcher, management consultant and finally as a practice leader for an international firm in Greece. Chairman of the Orange Grove start-up incubator.Alex Zacharopoulos Head of Delivery & Innovation - Software Architect Alex has more than a decade of experience in designing and developing software systems in diverse technologies and industries.Christos Aridas Head of R&D Christos has over 15 years of experience in IT Systems as ERP Consultant, Database Administrator & Software Engineer. His current research interests include ML, data mining, natural language processing, and metaheuristics.Spiros Nikolaou Head of Sales & Business DevelopmentSpyros is a senior executive with backgrounds in local and international environments having held senior positions in General Management, Finance, Sales and Strategic Planning in the IT industry.
Explainable AI is only beginning to be developed. C4T is one of very few companies worldwide to work on Trusted AI. Our main source of differentiation is the viewpoint applied in developing Pythia, which is the result of our prior experience.For almost two decades C4T evaluates large scale software systems, so as to help corporations address any potential risks & flaws. We have come to realize that the produced technology is the mirror of its organization and the result of human labor and choices. We are turning this experienceinto a trusted human-centric solution, that is applicable across industries & domains and enables people with different business needs and background knowledge to understand, control & trust technology.Pythia technology is fully scalable, since it is vendor agnostic, operable in any type of infrastructure, cloud provider and model type and is able to address all market segments in terms of industry and application thanks to its cross-domain approach. Given the predicted growth rates of both the Explainable AI Market & AI Market, Pythia’s growth potential is exponential.