Codebender's flagship product, (seen on the codebender.cc website) is a Cloud-based IDE for Arduino with more than 100,000 users. It was the first Cloud IDE of its kind, with more than 15 partnerships with hardware manufacturers, and more than 300,000 projects hosted on its platform. It has currently been licensed out to another company so that we can branch out to different products.
Codebender is an innovative Saas company, which build the first Cloud-based IDE for hardware, the first Compiler-as-a-Service, the first web-based syntax checker and linter for C/C++, as well as the first Browser Addon & Browser Extensions that could communicate to and flash an IoT device, both via USB and via Ethernet. It was also one of the stakeholders that kickstarted the WebSerial standard.
Codebender's first product was a Software-as-a-Service, Cloud-based Integrated Development Environment for Arduino & Internet of Things Devices. This has been licensed/sold to another company and Codebender is currently developing new products, which are still under the radar.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Codebender's CEO, Vasilis Georgitzikis, is a computer science graduate with many open source contributions, co-founder of the first hackerspace in Greece, P-Space, previously a EU researcher on Internet of Things. He has also worked in known IoT startups such as Balena, helped kickstart the WebSerial web standard, and helps mentor startups in Greece and beyond.In addition to running codebender, he is also currently involved in designing an innovative Internal Combustion Engine.
Codebender develops innovative SaaS products. Our main product is a Cloud-based IDE for Arduino
See about sections for some of codebender's innovations. In terms of scalability, as mentioned, codebender had almost 150,000 users worldwide at the time it was sold to another company. Our future products are still under the radar so we can't disclose anything at this point.