We help businesses around the world grow by delivering high volumes of new customers.
We operate global online brands that drive high-value customer acquisition for b2c companies around the world.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Here’s how we help our clients increase their sales in 7 steps:1. We create unique content on our own websites/digital brands2. Using our digital marketing know-how and our proprietary technology we target the right people, with the right message at the right time. As a result, we manage to attract millions of visitors every month to our websites/brands helping them make the right decisions with confidence3. Some of those visitors that read our content or click our ads go on and complete a formto express their interest in a product or service or click a link and go directly to our customer’s website4. Through our smart sales funnel technology, we are prequalifying each visitors to make sure that they are interested in a specific product or service5. We are also using advanced technology to make sure that their contact details are correct and functioning6. All the details of the people that completed one of our inquiry forms are passed from our platform to our clients' sales team in real-time, either via API or via email7. Our clients’ sales teams contact the leads to discuss their needs and convert them into customers.
Our proprietary solution automates the qualification and distribution of prospects/leads to our customers in real-time to help them generate sales and positive ROI.On top of this every month we analyze millions of data points across our websites and online marketing campaigns to refine our campaigns and deliver better results to our customers.Our focus on proprietary technology and multi-channeldigital marketing expertise allows our customers an unparalleled reach into new markets and channels, delivering engaged customers in real-time to fuel sustainable growth for some of the world’s most ambitious businesses
In spite of wider economic uncertainty, the marketing spend is forecasted to grow strongly with an ever-increasing share of spend being allocated to digital advertising, which will grow at double-digit rates.We see our addressable universe as being massive as it comprises the entire global Digital marketing marketIn the next 3-5 years we plan to launch in more industry sectors and establish more partnerships.
Every day more than 500.000 users globally use our technology to get informed, make better decisions and connect with relevant businesses