We boast a remarkably dynamic team of professionals from diverse industry backgrounds that helps us build a full understanding of customers’ needs. Our team works together with a vision to democratize access to the power of artificial intelligence and leverage it as catalyst to personal productivity and organizational efficiency.Knowing that we are bringing a disruptive technology into the market, we have prioritized our commercial and product strategy to include initiatives that promote adoption through a) alignment to workflow habits, b) reduce barriers of entry, and c) generate impressive value. At Cognitiv+ we boast for our comprehensive partnership program with several players within academia, large enterprise systems, and the legal profession. This allows for scaling services up more quickly, gaining access to new capabilities and focusing on what matters most.
Since our founding in 2015, we have been working closely with organizations of all shapes and sizes including some of the worlds’ largest organizations in legal, financial services, technology, real estate, and consulting. We had the opportunity to join some of the best accelerator programs including SEI’s Codify RegTech incubator, Accenture FinTech Innovation Lab, NatWest Entrepreneur Accelerator,PWC Law Tech Scale Up accelerator and the Tech Nation Applied AI program. Among other recognitions, we have been named a Gartner Cool Vendor in CLM and Advanced Contract Analytics, featured among the top 100 RegTech companies in the RegTech100 list and won the LegalTech Breakthrough Awards in the category Document Review Solution of the Year in 2020. This year, we have been included in the 30 most dynamic RegTech firms in the world by Planet Compliance.
AI-powered platform that accelerates and enhances document review and extraction
Cognitiv+ is a digital disruptor and pioneer of a leading Intelligent Document Review platform that helps professionals unlock the value of information found in the unstructured text, meaning of language and maze of documents. We’ve built advanced proprietary Artificial Intelligence specializing in legal language that can accelerate the extraction process and enhance analysis of documents enabling professionals and businesses to achieve faster and better decision-making.Cognitiv+ has been recognized as a Gartner Cool Vendor for its unique capabilities to automatically identify and extract substantial insights including clause types, provision data and obligations from corporate documents and contracts. Established in 2015, and through its offices in London and Athens, it is enabling businesses and multinational organizations in Banking, Financial Services, Law Firms, Consulting, andProperty management to understand exposure to liabilities and ultimately better manage risk.
Law firms and corporations need to review a growing number of documents, including agreements, regulations and policies. Manual review is time consuming, error-prone and overlooking obligations is costly: according to studies errors occurred during the review phase account for 80% of total litigation expenses, totaling $42 billion a year. In the financial sector, costs spent on compliance have increased by 60% after 2008. Cognitiv+ has developed a solution that enables accelerated document review, enhanced legal analysis and streamlined workflow. With Cognitiv+ organizations can manage the full, end-to-end process of legal document analysis, at scale. Our legal intelligence platform is able to process large volume of documents, understand contents and meaning of all major contract types, identify clauses and obligations accurately, and generate reports with extracted data swiftly. This has tangible applications in multiple use case scenarios such as contract negotiation, contract review, due diligence, auditing and regulatory compliance.Our technology empowers legal professionals to become much more efficient, saving time from time-consuming and voluminous tasks and focus on what they know best: applying their legal expertise on interpreting data and providing actionable strategic decisions. Using Cognitiv+, organizations are able to become more efficient and unlock new business value found in their contracts: like having a full-service legal team working for you.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Cognitiv+ is one of the most evolved intelligent document review platforms globally and transforming the legal operations space by enabling maturity and democratization of Legal Intelligence,Our market leading capabilities include:> a cutting-edge Computer Vision AI to process any document file and prepare it for the legal analysis engine> Pre-built and re-usable Legal analysis templates, based on 100s of proprietary Natural Language Processing (NLP) models that understand all elements of legal language (clause types, terms, properties, full sentences and meaning.> Deep Learning framework to enable multilingual legal review and analysis of documents.Business and Legal professionals can leverage this Legal Intelligence through robust platform whose highlights are > No-code interface where Users can set which document type to review and configure what level of intelligence to leverage, as well as which insights to analyse.> A versatile Document Viewer allowing users to interact across every layer of their document (section, sentence, metatag, entity, or word)> Point and click system logic that promotes human-based controls of review by smoothly capturing user feedback and enables swift resolution of error handling.> Unique, business-facing Legal AI training service where professionals can directly develop custom ML models to meet analysis needs of their industry.
Cognitiv+ has experienced solid customer growth year over year and is a cash-flow positive business. We anticipate for an investment round in the next 12 months at Series A level to fuel our strategy and meet our aggressive goals.