Α digital health platform for the prevention, management and treatment of Cardiovascular diseases.
We launched in November 2020. Since then we have acquired our first active users and generated our first revenues. At the same time we won a European challenge under EIT Health’s Startup Meet Pharma Program 2020 and we are now working on a pilot seeking to onboard 250 cardiologists and 10.000 patients in Greece.
We have formed an experienced and multidisciplinary team. The founder is Kostas Saridakis, a 3 times entrepreneur and startup veteran who has already an exit with e-table.gr. The co-founder and CTO is John Deliyiannis, a Senior software engineer with 12+ years of experience including previous startup involvement. The team is complemented at the level of the BoD by two doctors, two senior pharma executives and Thano Padimitriou who is an Adjunct Professor at NYU Stern, LBS and SDA Bocconi, and a serial entrepreneur turned investor with 3 exits already in his career.
The challenge of implementing a patient-centric digital health solution that provides real added value to chronic disease patients is primarily a process problem. It’s not about the technology itself but rather about forming a comprehensive product and go-to-market strategy to deliver lasting usage incentives to both doctors and patients. And here is where the majority of existing solutions have failed to deliver. Regarding medical providers, existing solutions are served as stand-alone applications while Collaborate is built on top of a complete patient management system. Therefore, doctors can perform all the additional monitor and follow up actions on the one and only tool they are already familiar with, plus they don’t need to duplicate information as all patient related information is already there. Regarding patients, it must be realized that most patients simply don’t know how to care for their health day-to-day and therefore all patient-facing only apps are doomed to fail. Collaborate’s patient app is actually driven by the doctor therefore it requires minimum involvement from the patient, while it allows for maximum engagement. As far as growth potential is concerned, driven by the fast adoption of modern digital health technologies and accelerated by the Covid-19 pandemic, we expect that the patient-provider relationship is about to change massively in the coming years.
Despite breakthrough improvements in clinical outcomes during the last decades, chronic conditions like cardiovascular disease and diabetes comprise major causes of morbidity and mortality, causing million of preveantble deaths per year, imposing significant costs on the healthcare system and lasting physical, emotional, and financial impacts on patients and families. Digital health interventions can help diminish chronic disease outcomes by facilitating systematic risk assessment and prevention, adherence to treatment as well as behavior and lifestyle changes. However, thousands of individual practices and small clinics are still burdened by unintuitive and ineffective legacy tools, thus cannot reduce further the burden of Chronic Diseases. In this context, we have developed Collaborate Health Cloud, an intuitive and innovative patient management and communication platform that helps physicians in primary care individual practices and small clinics signfificantly improve clinical outcomes and care experiences.
Our solution is comprised of two modules:The first module is a complete Electronic Health Record system specialized for chronic diseases patients. Hence, it can effectively track and leverage with algorithms all the patient health record data (i.e. patient demographics, patient history etc.) and especially the underlying conditions and comorbidities usually associated with chronic conditions. Patient key biomarkers or laboratory test results are also stored and monitored over time.The second module is a complete care delivery management & collaboration component that allows the care team to co-monitor care delivery tasks during hospitalizations or while the patient is at home. Patient reported outcomes from the patient portal (i.e. periodic symptom questionnaires, blood sugar levels etc.) and other metadata such as patient login counts, exchanged messages with the care team etc., are also utilized with algorithms in order to risk stratify patients not only based on their clinical profile but also on their activation and engagement levels during rehabilitation, which can be strong predictors of poor patient outcomes.As a result, care teams can segment dynamically all patients and prioritize focus & remote care a) on the ones that are either experiencing severe chronic complications or have high probability to do so in the near future and b) on the ones that are associated with poor compliance and engagement (limited skills and confidence to manage the long-term effects of t
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
We seek to raise a new 200-300K Euro Seed Round to expand our product offering to the hospital segment and achieve break even in Greece.