Have just closed a pre-seed funding round of 280,000 euros, bringing our total funding raised to date to 750,000 euros. We are not proactively seeking funding at the moment as we need to execute on the plans in place for the new round of funding, beginning with expansion of our team to be able to bring new product innovation to market in a more timely manner.
ComeTogether provides NFTs with utilities, both physical and digital. NFT ticketing, collectibles, memberships.When you think of NFTs, usually the first thought is that this is purely a digital concept. ComeTogether is promoting the combination of both physical and digital NFT utility. The combination of these ideas allow the provider of the NFTs to reach a wider target audience and engage with them on multiple levels. The introduction of memberships with exclusive access based on the level of membership also allows organisations providing NFTs to build a greater rapport with the owners of the NFTs.
Our NFT ticketing solution introduces a new form of digital ticket as an NFT with an innovative ticket delivery through a dynamic QR code changes every 30 seconds. This leads to fraud and scalping prevention, unlocking of new secondary market revenue for organizers and better audience insights.Performing artists and live event organizers, are looking for ways to increase fan engagement, reward loyal fans and to monetize their fan base. NFTs provide solutions to these challenges. Our NFT collectibles can be provided with ticketing or stand-alone. There are two categories: NFTs linked to events, such as tickets as collectibles with digital art, highlights from the event, fan generated content. Membership NFTs with exclusive content plus utility. Fans are only one example of where these concepts will emerge, we believe these programs will cross over into different types of businesses in the future.Utility engages the owners of the NFTs through exclusive rewards that are only available to these individuals. These rewards can be combined with memberships providing a greater motivation for fans to be a part of performing artist or event organizer programs.- Ticketing app and marketplace- NFT app and marketplace- Organiser tools for audience insights and program management- All solutions available as white label tools - All solutions available via an API to integrate with existing ticketing platforms
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
We have worked with over 30 event organizers to provide ticketing for more than 200 their live events so far. We have supported NFT drops for two artists in Greece - Hawk (3 out of 5 diamond songs in Greece) and Michalis Karagounis. We are currently supporting events in Greece, Spain, UK and we have done a paid PoC in Dubai, where we are currently opening a subsidiary to actively expand our Middle East operation.
ComeTogether’s unique advantages:- Organizer tools to access secondary market revenues- Open ecosystem (moving to public blockchain)- NFT collectibles and memberships - stand alone or combined with ticketing solutions- High scalability- Lower costIn addition to our direct sales efforts, we are working with event organizers to promote our solutions throughout their customer base and artists to provide a platform for their NFT drops. To reach more sports properties, we are working with sports agencies who bring digital technology to professional clubs.
NFTs with utilities, both physical and digital. NFT ticketing, collectibles, memberships.
Founders:Lazaros Penteridis, Co-Founder/CEO. 8 years bringing new tech to markets.Former cloud robotics software engineer. MEng Electrical and Computer Engineering from AUTH.Stavros Antoniadis, Co-Founder/COO/Head of Blockchain. 3 years blockchain software engineer (ComeTogether, CERTH). MSc ECE from AUTH. Stathis Mitskas, Co-Founder/Full stack engineer. Software engineer for 3 years (Accenture, ComeTogether). Best paper on BlockSys 2018. 3 Masters (CS, Finance-Banking, Leadership) University of Bristol. Core management team in addition to founders:Achilleas Kotsis, CTO. 20 years of experience in managing complex IT projects. Co-founded startup clickdelivery.gr in 2009, worked as CTO/COO and exited to Delivery Hero in 2016.Claudia Bacco, CMO. More than 20 years of B2B technology marketing leadership roles in telecommunications and IT networking and security organizations - startup to Fortune 500.Live events of all types suffer from fraudulent ticketing activities - NFT ticketing introduces a new form of ticket preventing fraud and scalping. Artists, Sports Clubs and live event organizers, are looking for ways to increase fan engagement, reward loyal fans and monetize their fan base - NFTs solve these challenges. ComeTogether is passionate about these topics and continually tests our solution directly with customers to define innovation topics to evolve towards