Η πλατφόρμα σύγκρισης που επιτρέπει στον χρήστη να συγκρίνει και να αγοράσει online υπηρεσίες
Pricefox has two strong shareholders and as such does not have any urgent funding needs. Additional funding could be used to finance our growth plan faster, investing on further expanding our technical lead in the Car Insurance vertical as well as expediting the launch of additional verticals.
Pricefox is the new innovative price comparison platform for services in Greece.Pricefox wants to revolutionize the way consumers compare and buy their services, digitizing industries that affect the lives of so many. Launching in car insurance, Pricefox helps consumers compare covers and prices and purchase their car insurance online, in three simple steps, from some of the most reliable insurance companies in Greece. Pricefox is backed by Antenna Group and Samlino Group, part of Nova Founders Capital.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Our team is experienced with deep technical and industry knowledge. The core team is substituted by the below individuals:Dimitris Tsatiris (Co-Founder and CEO): 10 years’ experience as a Management Consultant with McKinsey & Company, serving clients in the Financial Services and Energy sectors. Holds an MBA from IESE, University of Navarra.Efthymis Papadopulos (Commercial Director): 18 years experience in the Financial and Insurance sector, in Business and Corporate Development. Extensive experience as an Area and Sales Manager. Holds an MSc in Financial mathematics from the University of LancasterVasilis Alexandrou (Tech Lead): Years of experience in the Greek tech/start up scene. Has been working in Pricefox since day 1.Elena Bardounia (Finance Director): Over 7 years’ experience as auditor with Deloitte, involved in audits of entities listed on the US markets, compliance with applicable US GAAP/ IFRS, PCAOB/AICPA/ISA standards, SEC rules. Acca qualified.Konstantinos Karalivanos (Head of Marketing): 5 years’ experience in insurance & consulting, executing strategy, business and analytics projects. Holds a MEng from NTUA, a MIM from ALBA & a MS from IE BusineDionysis Fiorevante (Product Manager): Studies in Athens University of Economic and Business. Has grown in Pricefox starting his career as an intern and has been leading our Product team since 2022.
Pricefox is offering consumers the ability to compare and purchase services online to save money and time in their everyday life. Consumers currently can compare and buy the car insurance package that best fits their needs. Additionally consumers will soon be able to compare and choose the best energy provider for their homes. Pricefox's easy to use platform allows users to get informed and choose the best package and covers that fit their needs, compare prices and covers across more than 23 insurance companies in 30 seconds and purchase their car insurance online in a fully secured environment. Once consumers have finished their purchase they receive their contract in their email in no more than three minutes after the payment has been completed.
While Pricefox is a relatively new platform, having only launched in December 2021, we have already launched a series of innovations in the Greek market. Currently Pricefox is the fastest insurance aggregator, allowing users to see prices and package descriptions as they come up and not all at once. Through our innovative results streaming technology users can start getting results within a few seconds after they have built the package for which they wish to get offers. What is more Pricefox is building its own API integrations with its service providers and as such our Business Model is fully scalable, allowing us to not only integrate new insurance partners very fast but also scale our business across others verticals. Services such as Home Insurance, Power and Energy and other utilities can be easily included in our platform, given that the technical know-how to develop end to end integrations is in house.
As of today we have already developed our platform for car insurance. We have a fully functional car/motor/van insurance aggregator with:1.23 APIs with insurance companies live, allowing to issue and print contracts for customers2. Developed results-streaming technology, allowing customers to see results in less than 30 seconds after they enter their plate number3. Strong customer feedback with the highest google rating in the sector and a 4.7 (out of 5) rating from our own internal customer surveys4. Commercial agreements with Energy providers (Electricity and Gas) allowing us to launch our 2nd vertical soon.