ACCELIGENCE Ltd (ACCELI) is a Cyprus-based company, established in 2019. The company is a unique ICTthat helps its customers excel in the era of globalization, technology acceleration and climate change.ACCELIGENCE Ltd. is engaged in cutting edge R&D activities to boost innovation capital, improve products and ensure alignment of the services to state of the art. In particular, since its establishment, the company started focalising its R&D activities on UAVs, haptics, and other robotic activities. Currently, ACCELIGENCE Ltd. is building its own UAV, which can carry more than 15 KGs and several sensors. It will provide the space for building embedded intelligence thanks to additional GPUs.
The company have followed a self-funded scheme, ensuring the development of its core products through its participation in both commercial and EU-Funded projects. Although ensuring its viability and growth through the aforementioned scheme for the next few years the company remains open to new opportunities and collaborations.
UAV & Robots Manfuctarurer. Production of Civilian Automated Solutions.
DIOPTRA will enable the execution of tasks that cut across different application domains of high societal and economic impact, including missions ranging from crime-fighting, early identification and tracking of illegal activities to commercial activities, by performing inspection and maintenance activities with the help of the remote command and control capabilities. DIOPTRA will utilize an innovative UAV and provide a holistic surveillance and incident identification framework with robust and enhanced command and control tools to yield advanced coordinated navigation while preserving communication with the control centre. The DIOPTRA system actions and reactions will be governed by autonomous control functionalities making adaptable decisions on task execution, and path planning in order to deal, where applicable, with extreme operational environments. Finally, the system will be capable of managing and intelligently combining the massive data gathered during operation so as to continuously improve its perception and cognition abilities, whilst also providing human operators the means to store, process and analyse this data; thus enabling the efficient off-line planning, and on-line and real-time remote monitoring and control of the overall operation process.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
High Tech Startup Founded in 2019 in Cyprus Headquarters located in Nicosia Center Specializes in UAV and Robotic platform manufacturing and R&D Services in various sectors, including security sector (IoT, Smart camera, other security services) Founder with experience in the delivery of 30+ projects (consulting + technical, public + private) Current Involvement in (on-going) EU Projects: H2020 SU-BES02-2019-ISOLA: Onboard Security of passenger ships Η2020 INFRA-01 – 2019 – 7 SHIELD: Protection of Ground Space Infrastructures H2020 SPACE-2019-CALLISTO: Copernicus artificial intelligence services H2020 LCCI-2020-EASME-singlestage - AQUASPICE: Digital and Circular Water Innovative ServicesH2020 MSCA-RISE-2019 – RECOMBINE: 5G future networks Solutions: SAITA UAV (https://accelligence.tech/solutions/) Smart Farming Systems Smart Medical IoT Components
Despite the increasing capabilities of autonomous agents, their functionality is focused on specific applications, while their autonomy and interoperability with humans and platforms are limited. Moreover, the lack of gathering scene intelligence, threat diagnosis and forecasting, and other advanced capabilities creates a gap in civil applications. Autonomous surveillance systems can assist in complex and heterogeneous environments, providing cost-effective solutions while maintaining a high level of situational awareness. Our main product will provide early and robust target identification and tracking, pollution incident alerts, prediction of incidents and illegal communication detection, requiring minimal infrastructure and management effort. Our proposed UAV solution DIOPTRA (- a game changer for autonomous surveillance and event prediction that will render competing technologies obsolete by leveraging existing UAV infrastructure) will be a next-generation drone able to lift to 15 kg of payload. Due to its optimised design will have an extended flight time of up to 30 minutes, which is a substantial advantage compared to conventional models currently available in the market, and a high precision localisation of 1cm using GPS-RTK2. DIOPTRA will be one of the first commercially available UAVs equipped with a separate onboard computer with a GPU. This configuration will be ideal for running complex AI algorithms, which makes DIOPTRA the ideal drone for complex tasks.
The core team of ACCELIGENCE Ltd. has been involved in dozens of Research and Implementation projects for more than 20 years in Research, Development and Innovation: Project & Scientific Coordination of Consortia for more than 15 years. ACCELIGENCE Ltd.’s core team has developed wide experience in leading and managing complex technical projects covering their whole life cycle from the idea identification to service delivery and from project negotiation to implementation, technical management, reporting and coordination.