We aim to integrate digital and technological Industry 4.0 solutions in Greek and international SMEs
Being still in its early stage, the company has secured sufficient capital to get off the ground, through its shareholders and state/European funding.
I4byDesign acts as a technical partner for manufacturing companies wishing to manage innovation activities, technology transfer, applied research and direct implementation of 4.0 tools. It aims at:- The active participation of its members in educational activities based on the analysis of use cases, in order to promote and disseminate skills in Industry 4.0, as well as the support for theacquisition of certification for new technologies and products produced by the members. - The digital transformation and the improvement of its members business activity through the integration of new digital technologies and solutions, the adoption of circular economy strategies, the management / reuse of defective components and the optimization of the supply and value chains.- The implementation of innovation projects, industrial research and the development of technology oriented experiments. - The creation of a network for collaboration, including external MSMEs and other organizations.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
I4byDesign was founded in December 2021 under the call of the General Secretary of Research and Innovation for the establishment of “Competence Centers”, and is currently gaining traction. Our research and development activities are funded by the Greek State and the European Union. Our shareholder register includes CERTH (Center for Research and Technology Hellas) and 22 innovative private companies demonstrating a high level of expertise in Industry 4.0 and Logistics 4.0 technologies.
I4byDesign's team is made up by highly qualified researchers, as well as very experienced and motivated executives. The entire team is driven by an entrepreneurial spirit and is passionate about innovation and problem-solving. Our main strengths include our unique blend of products and services:1. End-to-end R&D solutions in Industry 4.0 and Logistics 4.02. Training, Seminars and Educational Programs to encourage and support innovation3. Implementation of Innovation and Entrepreneurship Projects4. Business Consulting and Awareness Creation Services for Industry 4.0
The I4byDesign Competence Center, with a clear focus on Industry 4.0 technologies, provides strategic and operational support to Greek and International manufacturing companies, aiming at the digital and technological transformation of their industrial processes. Through a wide range of methodologies, digital tools and services it reshapes their organizational, business and strategic models, while maintaining a high level of competitiveness. I4byDesign acts as an innovation cluster in the field of Industry 4.0 and Logistics 4.0 and is comprised of 1 Research Center (CERTH) and 22 innovative Greek companies, hence connecting research to businesses.
With an undisputable focus on the digital transformation, the adoption of circular economy strategies, the optimization of the supply chain, the direct standardization, and the promotion of skills and knowledge as well, I4byDesign aims to provide a reference framework for industrial environments in the form of specific guidelines to transform all stakeholders into more competitive and technologically advanced entities.The technologies on which I4byDesign virtual production line is based can be grouped into the following categories:- Collaborative Industry using robotic systems and automation solutions for Industry 4.0- Cybersecurity solutions along the supply chain, using blockchain technologies to monitor the produced products.- Additive Manufacturing solutions using 3D printing technologies in combination with predictive maintenance mechanisms, and strategies for maintenance, renovation and / or reconstruction of machines- IoT Industrial platforms, HW-SW, sensors, cloud and connectivity- Solutions for analysis and prediction of anomalies in smart grids, smart meters and energy efficiency systems- Technological Solutions for quality control in the pharmaceutical & manufacturing industry