SURE compiles valuable scientific knowledge, best practices and research results into commercial technological solutions for potential customers in the fields of Digital Twins, Automation in Design, Structural Safety, Green and Smart Buildings. SURE services include innovative systems for sensor measurements and smart operation, structural health monitoring, optimum design, BIM tools and green certifications. SURE provides training to individuals and companies on smart solutions towards the digital transformation of the engineering sector.
Highly qualified professionals and academicians are the core of SURE’s team. SURE is proud to have powerful women leading the company’s management. Sotiria Stefanidou, CEO, is a Dr. Civil Engineer and Resilience Expert with strong professional and research background. Olga Markogiannaki, President, is a Dr. Civil Engineer with long experience in structural safety and with high managerial skills. Elias Paraskevopoulos, is a Dr. Civil Engineer with over 15 years of research and professional experience and has been Scientific Coordinator of several research projects. Akis Kourtis, Partner, is also an experienced researcher in IT. Core members of the research team are Dimitrios Giagopoulos, an Associate Professor at the Aristotle University of Thessaloniki and Michalis Fragkiadakis, an Associate Professor at the National Technical University of Athens. Rallou Nikolaou, energy expert, leads the activities in the green design and sustainability assessment.
SURE’s goal is the integration of innovative ideas and practices into the industrial market through groundbreaking processes. The development of digital tools and web-based platforms can expand the potential markets to European and global level.
SURE S.A is a spin-off company of the University of Western Macedonia. It is a newly established competence center for a sustainable and resilient built environment using smart technologies. SURE’s main activities are knowledge transfer, promotion of innovative practices, upgrading skills, research and software tools in the frame of Industry 4.0.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
SURE was founded in December 2021 under the call of the General Secretary of Research and Innovation for the establishment of “Competence Centers”. SURE’s research and development activities are funded by the European Union.SURE has already become a member of consortiums to participate in European research calls. Potential collaborators and customers are both private companies and public authorities.
A spin-off company of UoWM for enhancing sustainability and resilience through deep tech solutions
COMPETENCE CENTRE FOR A SUSTAINABLE AND RESILIENT BUILT ENVIRONMENT
We are gaining traction and planning to run a seed round in the next months for business development to launch SURE’s products in core European markets.