Our innovative system- Pinpoints bathymetry thousands of meters ahead.- Constantlymonitors, visualizes and alerts on distances to any obstacle/target nearby.- Provides a priceless stereoscopic view of the surrounding world regardless of any visibility obstructions.- Is scalable enough to match the needs of both maritime and leisure time navigation.- It is “plug ‘n play” to any navigation station as it relies to the ENC and NMEA standards.- It supports both the master of a 200.000 dwt tanker, as well as, the skipper of a 20ft recreational boat or a regatta racer.Our Value PropositionAgainst the following navigation Threats:- Poor Visibility Conditions- Barriers to Situation Awareness- Heavy Cognition Workload- Flat Screens (sometimes presenting in different orientations)We Provide:1. less,2. more effective,3. context-sensitive,4. spatially perceived, and5. intuitiveinformation..and we:A. Go Beyond Human VisibilityB. Empower the Situation AwarenessC. Reduce the Cognitive WorkloadD. Create Full Spatial (3D) Perception.
Navigate safely, Day or Night, Regardless of any Visibility Obstructions
CSeaNav New Navigation Reality P.C.: - Catches the advances of Mixed/Augmented Reality technology- Utilizes the broad development and navigating experience of our team- Integrates all the navigation context, (ENCs, routes, NMEA streams etc.) regardless of the vessel’s size or the variety of the onboard systems, and ..transforms it into a world scaled innovative 3D Augmented Reality navigation environment, so called “The New Navigation Reality” that:- is stereoscopically presented in front of the sailor’s eyes.- is accurately matched to the real world.- surmounts any visibility obstructions.- is empowered by an unmistakable, well in advance acting, alerting/warning system.Our CSeaNav Solution - Navigation Reality [NR] Aid: - Is plug and play to any navigation station.- Gathers all the navigation context out of the Electronic Navigation Charts (ENC) and any set of navigation instruments, regardless of the variety of them and the size of the vessel.- Transforms this context into a 3-dimensional set of objects, entities, and magnitudes, and- Presents it through Augmented Reality (AR) glasses in front of the skipper’s eyes, accurately matched to the surrounding real 3D world.
Our MarketWe address the “Sea Navigation Aid” market and especially 4 (four) well defined Customer Segments via 3 (three) variants of the core product:1. Merchant fleet maritime companies, product variant "CSeaNav Pro" (+ Cloud Services)2. Super Yachts shipyards and owners, product variant "CSeaNav Pro" (+ Cloud Services)3. Recreational boat owners, product variant "CSeaNav"4. Grand Prix & club racing sailboat owners, product variant "CSeaRegattaAI".Market sizes (IEC):- Bridge Navigation Market: 1.7b$/year - Recreational Navigation Market: 1.3b$/year.Sizes of the target fleets:> ~90K merchant vessels (ref. UNSTADSTAT)> ~29M leisure boats (ref. European Global Satellite Systems Agency) > ~10K Super Yachts (ref. Boat International)Market type: Oligopoly with a Handful main Producers and many distributors worldwideMarket Potential: (in a 5-year period) the 0,05% of the merchant and leisure fleetsSetting priorities and targetsa. 1st target market: Greek shipowners. The Greek merchant fleet is the biggest in the world (4.500 ships), and their headquarters are within walking distance. Our first step to the market is to contact them in a direct B2B approach.b. 2nd target will be the super-yachts shipyards (direct B2B), and c. 3rd target will be the agreements with worldwide distribution channels for both the merchant & recreational markets (B2C)
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Navigation Aids InefficienciesA- Maritime traffic becomes more and more intense. This significantly increases the stress of the navigational officer, especially in poor visibility conditions.- In addition, the bridges are full of two-dimensional navigation aids (ECDIS/Radar) that demand constant monitoring.- Nonstop watching of the horizon is mandatory as well.- The context switch between a 2-dimensional screen and the real world, sometimes puts on trial the reflexes of both the mates and –even more- the amateurs in the recreational fleet.BAccording to the bridge operations analysis results by STCW, the biggest problem with the currently operating navigation equipment is- the provision of excessive and unnecessary information and..- the existing practices of data provision to the mates.That means: - he representation methodofnavigationalinformationismoreimportantthan the quantity of that information and research is required on the representation of information to make it comprehensive and easily persivC - The complexity of the navigation equipment in the bridge affects the safe operation. Therefore, the next-generation navigation aid systems must support the decision-making process via effective information provision, rather than just increasing the amount of the derived info. - In addition, the intuitiveness of the provided navigation data is the critical factor that will effectively resolve the issues caused by excessive information.
The Team Management Co-founders are Yannis Ramfos and Karolina Tsolakou.Yannis owns an M.Sc. in Computer Science (Univ. of Michigan, Ann Arbor) and Electrical Engineer Degree (National Technical Univ. of Athens). He is a recognized computer scientist in developing 3D augmented/mixed reality Solutions and real-time video editing systems. A team guiding expert who carries >25 years’ experience as CEO and CTO. Karolina brings >15 years as COO in the demanding energy cross-borders trade (AXPO Group), yearly handling >40M€. Our Team, external advisors• Vassilis Tsolis, Naval Architecture Engineer NTUA, Superintendent Engineer (Atlantic Bulk Carriers Management Ltd). Ship Behavior, Bridge Integration.• Prof. Yannis Gkialas, High Energy Physics, University of Aegean. Simulation.• George Meleas Ph.D., Social Scientist, Panteion University. Owner and Managing Director of SmartMedia SA. Marketing & Communication expert,• Manolis Sardis Ph.D., Electrical Engineer NTUA, System Developer, Advanced Integration Developer.