Cyclopt provides innovative solutions in the area of software quality and helps companies develop and maintain high quality software products easier, faster and more economically secure. Our app allows for effective team management, efficient resource allocation, and continuous quality monitoring.
Cyclopt was established using own funds and is currently occupied with projects/cooperations with other companies as well as national research projects. The company has validated the need for its SaaS product and is now in search of strategies for scaling up.
Cyclopt is a spin-off company of the Intelligent Systems & Software Engineering Labgroup - ISSEL, Electrical and Computer Engineering Department of the Aristotle University of Thessaloniki. In late 2017, Cyclopt was founded and the company’s vision was established: to accelerate the software development process and make people’s life easier.
© 2023, All rigths reserved - Licensed to National Startup Registry, a Mantis Innovation Management System installation.
Using the Cyclopt app, software teams can standardize their code quality based on the ISO/IEC 25010, and gain multiple benefits in all phases of software development. Counting thousands of code quality assessments in the most popular open source repositories, Cyclopt has compiled a model that effectively provides a complete evaluation of any project.
The Cyclopt team originates from the Intelligent Systems & Software Engineering Labgroup (ISSEL) of the Aristotle University of Thessaloniki. ISSEL delivers many projects in the field of software engineering and software quality and counts hundreds of publications. Cyclopt was founded as a spin-off of the labgroup in order to bridge the gap between university innovation and unmet user needs. The long established research innovation of the team is the foundation upon which Cyclopt is building.
Cyclopt offers Software Quality-as-a-Service solutions through a dedicated cloud Platform
Cyclopt has participated in multiple startup forums and has received awards in competitions (2nd place in the e-nnovation Research Stream, 5th place in the 8th Innovation & Technology Competition). Furthermore, it has appeared in local and national press.